You know what I do is write for kids, and, in fact, I'm probably the author for children, longer in the United States.
And I always tell people who don't want to seem like a scientist.
I can dress them as a farmer or with leather clothes, and never have chosen an agriculture.
I'm here today to talk to you about circles and evidence.
And you know that an epiphany is generally something that fell to you somewhere.
You just have to go back to the apple to see it as an epidemic.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Blueifalio.
It's the kind of complicated circle that I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the '60s in the middle school, in St. Ohio where I was the rare of the class.
When they beat up to blood every week in the children's bathroom, until a teacher saved me life.
She saved my life when he allowed to get into the teacher's room.
I did it in secret.
For three years.
And I had to go from the city.
I had a thumb, and it was 85 dollars, and I ended up in San Francisco, California -- found a lover -- and in the '70s, I felt the need to start working in organizations that fought against AIDS.
About three or four years ago, in the middle of the night, I got a phone call of that teacher, Mr. Post-conflict who said, "You see it.
I am disillusioned that of adults we never get to know.
You could come to Ohio and please bring that man that I know you've already found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I would like you to stick with this please."
Well, the next day we were in Christmas.
We went to see, we cry, we cry, and we realized that she needed to be hospital.
We found a place, we got it, and we got it out of their family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman who wanted to know as an adult came to know it, it became a box of ashes and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed, it had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I talked about was made present in itself.
The evidence is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I save his own.
And you know that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs truth and beauty, and I'm very happy that today I talked about this.
It also needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, connection is very important to me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and that everything is interconnected.
I was for the first time to Antarctica almost 10 years ago, and there I saw my first ships.
I was amazed.
My heart fall fast, I was married, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The ships around me around 60 meters, and I couldn't think that he was a snow of snow about another snow of snow after year.
The bombs are born when they get away from the glaciers or they break the ice barriers away.
Every iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way to interact with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them refused to give up and go down to the end, while others can't support them more and they are disappeared in a dramatic passion arrangement.
It's easy to think, when you look at a iceberg -- that are sexually isolated and alone, largely as we see us sometimes as humans.
But the reality is the opposite.
As a iceberg is melt, I'm breathing its ancestral atmosphere.
As a iceberg is melt, it releases rich freshwater in minerals that feed many forms of life.
I approached myself to photograph these bombs as if it comes to the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that at these unique moments exist that way and not going to exist that way again.
It's not death when you melt it, it's not an end, but a continuation of your path for the cycle of life.
Part of the ice of the pieces that I photograph is very young, it has a couple of thousands of years.
And another part of the ice has over 100,000 years.
The last pictures I would like to show you are a piece that I photographed in Kenyans, Greenland.
It's a little bit frequent to get to be a shot ship.
Here you are.
You can see the left a little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your floating line.
You can see here, it starts rolling up, the boat has moved on the other side, and the man is standing there.
This is an average Greenland ship.
About the water about 120 feet or 40 meters.
This video is in real time.
And so nobody, the iceberg shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, every single one of them will make a baby. Okay.
So, two couples each one with a baby.
I don't want you to stop too much in the details of conception, because if you stop thinking about consciousness themselves, you're not going to pay attention.
So let's think about that for a moment.
And on this stage, I want you to imagine that, in a case, the chromosome and the sperm of the sperm is joined to chromosome X of the egg.
And in the other case, the X chromosome of the sperm joined the X chromosome of the egg.
They both press and start life.
We will talk about them later.
In my own activity I will get two roles.
In one of my roles I work with the story of anatomy history.
I am an historian, and what I study in this case is the way people embrace the anatomy -- and to say, of human bodies and animals, how they have considered body fluid, the idea of the body, what they've thought about the body.
The other role that I performance in my work is an activist, as patients advocate, or as I say sometimes it was implicit advocates of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working, for example, with simple twins, two people within a body.
I've worked with people with embarrassments, much lower than the average.
And I've worked with many cases of people with heart sex, individuals whose physical literacy didn't fit in male schools and conventional females.
In general, we can call it interruption.
The intersection will adopt many ways.
I'm going to put some examples in a way of having a sex that doesn't get into male or female forms.
For example, there is the case of the individual with Christmas Charles whose gene SRI of the chromosome and tells the prototypes, that we all have in the front life, which becomes terminal.
And then, in the final life, the testicles produce testosterone.
But because this individual lacks from testing receptors, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the synthesizer syndrome.
So, there are high levels of testosterone, but without reaction.
As a consequence, the body is developed following a typical female course.
When I birth, the baby has a little girl.
It's a girl. It's raised as a girl.
And often, it's not until the puberty -- when it's growing and developing the sex but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes something is happening.
And after making tests you realize that instead of having obesity and uterus, it actually has testicles and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you can think it's a man, but it's not really like that.
Women, like men, we have in the body something called supermarkets glasses.
They're in the back of the body.
Supercomputers produce anticipation, the hormone hormone.
Most women like me -- I think about a typical woman, I don't know their credit structure, I think being a typical woman most women like me are sensitive to the anticipations.
We produce anticipations and respond to the anticipations.
As a consequence, someone like me has the most exposed brain to the antennas that the woman who was born with terms of testimony that have the syndrome.
So sex is a complicated thing. It's not that the interactions are in the middle of the spectrum, in some way they can be everywhere.
Another example, a few years ago I got a call from a 19-year-old boy born and raised as a variation, I had girlfriend, and sexual relationships with her, I had a life like a guy and I had just found out that I had ovarian and uterus, and I had just been on the one and I had to find out that I had online and terrible.
It had an extreme way of a disease known as a controlled hydrogen construction.
He had 200 chromosomes and in the uterus the survival glands were so active that, in essence, they created a male hormone environment.
As a consequence, their genes were massively massively managed, their brain was exposed to the typical male hours.
I was born with a child, no one sounded anything.
And it was at the age of 19, when I started to have medical problems caused by internal menus, when doctors found that, in fact, it was a woman in the inside.
Well, another example of a case of interconnection.
Some people with 200 creators developed what is known as average, which is to say, have a universal tissue wrapped in testimonization tissue.
We don't know what that happens.
So, there are lots of sex.
The reason why children with these kinds of bodies are dragonflies, single twin twins, or interfaces, and they are forced to normal surgeries not to be able to get better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason you get to various surgeries is that they're a threat for our social categories.
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings up a particular identity.
We have the idea that being women is to have female identity, supposed to be black, means having African anatomy in historical terms.
terribly simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with cancer.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individuality.
Our nation is based on a concept of very romantic individuality.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children born like two people within a body.
The most logical case is last year with South September Cortex, he stood up to trial his sex at the International International games.
A lot of journalists called to ask, "What are you going to do to determine whether Casey Senation is man or woman?"
And I had to explain to the journalists that there is no such thing.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't bring a hidden line between men and women or men and women and women and women -- we're who we bring that line.
So what we have is a situation where the more science advances, the more we have to admit that these categories were stable analysis that corresponds directly with stable identity categories -- they're much more diffuse than we thought.
And not only in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that turns out much more complicated than the terminology allows me.
As we see, we get into a wrong terrain.
We look, for example, that we share at least 95 percent of DNA with chimpanzees.
What do we think about the difference of them in just a few nuts?
And as we progress in science we get more and more in an uncomfortable area in which we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that we've probably got are too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all the rules of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture in the United States today are the struggles at the beginning and the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body becomes human, and it has different rights.
There are very accumulated discussions today -- not in public -- but I know within medicine, about when someone is considered dead.
Our ancestors never had to be eaten with this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of it would put a pen in front of the nose, and if you were moving it still didn't buried it.
If I stopped moving you buried it.
But today, we can, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them into another body.
And, as a consequence, we have to face the dilemma of actually determine somebody's death, and this puts us into a hard situation where we don't have simple categories of the past.
And you might think that this explosion of categories could grab someone like me.
In politics, I am a programmers, giving people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that I get nervous.
I think these categories are much more unstable.
I have a sense of the concept of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I'm an abstract fervent of the Funding parents.
I know they were racist -- I know they were sexually, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and audacious and so radical in what they did -- that I found each so much watching that music curved "choose," and not for the music, which is totally happy.
That's what happened in 1776 with the Funding parents.
The Funding fathers were, for me, the first activists of the anatomy and explained why.
What they rejected was an analog concept and replaced it with another one that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And, as everyone remembers what our parents were recovered was the idea of money. The monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy.
The old world monarchs didn't know the DNA, but they had the idea of the birth right.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that it was coming into political power on the right of the grandfather to the father and then the son, etc.
Parents founded that idea and replaced it by a new analytical concept and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They leveled the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the analysis in common and not analytical differences, that was very radical.
And in part they were doing because they were doing part of an illusion system that they were spending two things.
The democracy was spreading and at the same time that science was born.
And there is very clear, if we look at the history of the Funding parents, that many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were being removed from the supernatural explanations and because they were rejected by the concept of being able to supernatural being transmitted by a vague idea of birth.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if you look, for example, the Declaration of independence.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in consequence they were bringing us the idea of analytical coincidence.
And by doing that, they were feeling the foundations of the Civil Rights Movement for it.
They didn't think that way, but they did it for us, and it was great.
And what happened years later ...
And women were translating.
Then I came the success of the Civil Rights Movement with people from the California Tramma call who said, "I'm not a woman?"
We found men in the Civil Rights Movement sides saying, "I'm a man."
Again, color people who appeal to the Antarctic coincidence.
We see the same with the Dicker Movement.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at the consequences, we have to start asking ourselves, why do we keep ourselves with certain divisions.
But attention, I want to keep some anatomic divisions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights as a human.
I don't mean that we should be able to get back to the anatomy of it.
I don't mean that five years old, they were supposed to allow them to have sex relationships or married.
There are some anatomic divisions that for me makes sense and I think we should keep it.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why keep them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two people at the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings, both of them in the middle of 1979 exactly the same day.
Imagine that one of them, Mary was born three months before time, June 1, 1980.
Henger, on the contrary, was born in terms of a term was born on March 1, 1980.
For the only fact about having been born three months before Mary was attributed to all three months before Henry -- the right to sexual consent, the right to vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all of that not because he has a different biological age, but because he was born later.
We found other barriers in relation to their rights.
Here, in virtue of being considered man -- well, I haven't told you if it's X -- in virtue of being considered a man now is passionate of the mandatory education that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary on the part doesn't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry all the states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman only in some states.
So they still pursue analytical categories that in various aspects are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is: What do we do now that science advances so much in the field of the anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on anatomy could be disappointed?
I don't want to give up science, but at the same time I feel like science will escape.
Where are we going?
It looks like what happens in our culture is kind of a pragmatic attitude -- "Well, we have to bring the line somewhere, so we're going to do it."
But a lot of people are stuck in a rare position.
For example, Texas at a certain time has decided that to marry a man you don't have to have chromosome and that to marry a woman you have to have crossing classes.
Now, in practice, they don't make any credit tests to people.
But this is also very strange because the story I told you at the beginning of the insight syndrome to the antennas.
If you look at one of the founding fathers of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech, "I have to draw, offers a solution.
It says we should judge people "were not in the color of their skin, but in the content of their character, go beyond anatomy.
And I mean, "Yes, the idea looks very good."
But in practice, how do you do?
How do we judge people based on their care?
I want to point out also that I'm not sure that we should be based on this to give them rights to people, because I have to admit that I know from some golden religion that probably deserve more social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some panels that I know can make more informed decisions, smart and mature decisions about their sexual relationships that people from 40 I know.
So how do you put the issue of the content content, right?
It turns out very hard.
And one part of me is wondering what will happen if the character of one person could be measured with an instrument, maybe with a magnetic resonance of it.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States continue to guide this stream of thinking about the issue of democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we will make a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like the Iranian in which a man who feels attracted for other men is susceptible to be killed, unless it's willing to meet a sex change, in which case are allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm happy to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that I had made a couple of years to give birth temple light for then to separate them and so forth.
But when the phone was asked by the operation of the operation -- a very risky operation, I said that in that other country, these kids would be very male and therefore I had to do it.
What I said, "Well, has you considered political asylum instead of searching separate?
America offers huge possibilities to people to be who they are without forcing us to change for the state of the state.
So I think we have to be in the head.
Well, to conclude, I mean I've been talking a lot about the parents.
And I want to think about how democracy would be, or as it might have been, if we had given greater participation to the mothers.
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist female, and I think there can be different ideas coming from different anatomic types, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, since I've been interested in interruption, I've also been interested in investigating sexual difference.
And one of the things that I've been interested in is the differences between men and women in terms of how to think and operate in the world.
And what we know about transformative studies is that women, in average, -- not all, but in average, they tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to occupy those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
So years ago, when I was in the post-tech, one of my advisers I knew I was interested in the feminist -- I thought I was feminist -- as a strange plant.
"What have the feminist female?
And I thought, "It's the stupidest question I've ever heard.
The feminist has to do with reducing gender stereotypes -- so there's nothing female in the female?
But the more I think about his question, the more it has seemed to me that there is something female in the female.
That is, there could be something -- in average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So, if the parents were very excited to find a way to protect people from the state of the state, it is possible that, of having introduced more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with the reconstructional support.
And maybe that's what we need to do in the future when we bring democracy beyond the anatomy -- thinking less in the individual body, in terms of identity, and thinking more in relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect bond, we think about what we do for each other.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided we had to remember how we thought about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where each family wants to go to live and work, have the possibility of choosing between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents.
Well, right now, we're far away from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries who don't count with a single city willing to receive them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they are worth much more than their construction cost.
So we could easily deliver it to the whole world, perhaps hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can sound you absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But just replaced by apartment buildings.
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartments were already proposal and the other half still would be missing to do it.
You could try to increase the ability to make expand in all existing buildings.
But you know that the problem that you face is that those buildings and the areas that surround them have rules to avoid the molecules and the differences of construction.
So it would be very hard to do all those ambitions.
But they could go to a whole new place, build a completely new apartment building, always and when the rules of that place facilitate the construction instead of putting it together.
So I proposed that governments create new kinds of reform enough to contain cities and give them a name, cities under status.
I later learned that more or less at the same time, Jamaica and English were thinking about the challenge of reform Hollywood.
They knew that every year about 75,000 donors would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009 Hongs, I went through a constitutional crisis.
In the next regular elections, the Point London was absolutely imposed with a platform in which he promises reforms and at the same time.
He asked East to be his chief game.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a TED talk.
Through a process of performance, trial and error and a lot of testing with users, trying to reduce this complicated concept of cities under the status of their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of rules, like those rules that say you can't go and bother all of the current apartments of apartments.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but it needs both technology and normal technologies to progress progress. And usually it's the rules that prevent us forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala sent him a link with TED.
I showed it to James.
They called me.
They said, "We have this to the leaders of our country."
So in December we met in Miami in a hotel room.
I tried to explain this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this image that shows the value of the land in a place like New York York, and you know, the terrain that, in some cases, is worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion and at some point, when there was a paradigm, he said, "Oh, maybe we could see the video of the TED Talk."
And the talk described in very simple terms that a city under the status is a place where you start with standard terrain, a status that specifies the rules that apply there and an option so that people can choose if they want to go or not live under those rules.
So the president of Honduras. And he told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the path for our country.
I was asked to go to Telladies and talk about again about four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, which I tried to explain that to make a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Denner and the white line is the new airport that's built in Denner.
Only this airport covers over 100 square miles.
So I was trying to convince the donors that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that is going at least 1,000 square miles.
That's over 100,000 acres.
Everybody closed cute.
The public faces were very serious and attracted.
The Congress leader came up to the platform and said, "Professor Rome, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe we could see the video of the TED Talk.
I have this in my computer?
So I sat up and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explained how essential a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be a choice of a city that you could go out in Honduras. Instead of hundreds of miles away from the North.
And it also includes new options for leaders.
Because the leaders of the London government needed help of countries associated -- they could benefit from the associated countries that would help them to establish and make the status rules, so that they could all be trusted.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is from there.
It could easily take a thousand square miles.
And shortly later, on January 19, voted in Congress to show their Constitution and add a constitutional arrangement that allowed us to create these special regions of development.
In a country that just passed through this painful crisis, the vote in Congress in favor of this constitutional encouragement was 120 to one.
All of the parties, all the factors in society, responded it.
To include the Constitution, you have to take twice in Congress.
On February 17 over again in another vote of 115 to one.
Immediately after the vote of the vote of 21 to 24 of February, a definition of about 30 donors went to the two places in the world that are more interested in participating in the building of cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new center of the city that is building in South Korea -- it's bigger than the Boston center.
Everything that you see there was built in four years, after they spent four years getting the permissions.
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this. This is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They're preparing a legal system that will allow the managers to come, and at the time allow them to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already committed to allow his Supreme Court to be the last instant court for this new judicial system.
There are urban planners and construction cities that are very interested in the project.
They can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know has solved is that they have a good number of inhabitants.
There are many companies that want to install in the Americas, especially in a place with an area of free trade, and there are a lot of people who would like to go to live there.
There are 700 million people in the world who say they would immediately change another place.
There's a million a year that comes out of Latin America to go to the United States.
A lot of them are parents who have to leave their family to go to get a job, sometimes they are mothers who have to earn money for as only eat or buy clothes.
Unfortunately, sometimes even children who are trying to meet with their parents who haven't seen, in some cases, in a decade.
So what does it seem to think about building a new city in Hans?
Or do you build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these around the world?
What does it look like thinking about insisting that families can choose between various cities that are competing to attract new resistance?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my honest friends asked me to say, "Thank you."
I'm Jesus, and this is my valid.
But before I show you what's inside, I'm going to make a public confession -- and it's that I live obsessed with the suit.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog brought together, colorful and different for each other.
But I didn't buy anything new.
All my clothes is a second hand of chicken markets and second hand.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my publisher in the environment and in my bill.
I come to meet people who are interested in my mind, usually my money is going to a good cause, and my way is unique, and buy it becomes my personal search quest.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Is it my shot?
I would like color.
It cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel I've won.
Back to the theme of my value, I want to tell you what I made for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what does someone bring up with all that clothes?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I suit.
I've brought seven pairs of indoor clothes, and nothing else.
In the inside for exactly a week that's all I put on my value.
I thought I would be able to find everything else that I would like to use after you get here to Palm Springs.
And since you don't know me as the woman who walks on TED in the inner clothes,  -- that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the sets for this week.
Doesn't it sound interesting?
As I do, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that I believe or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothing.
Let's start with Sunday Domin.
And I call this a brilliant tiger.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see good.
You can almost always see that for less than 50 dollars.
All the set, including the jacket, it cost me 55 percent, and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Monday, color is energy.
It's almost physically impossible to be a bad mood, when you're watching a brilliant red screen.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars. The integration is survived.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time to integrate it.
I just know yourself.
If you surround the right people, you won't just understand you, you will also appreciate it.
Millennium, Guardian the child who carry in.
Sometimes people tell me that it looks like I play the districts, or that I remind you about their six-year-old time.
I like to smile and say, "Thank you."
Joes: The trust is the key.
If you think you see you well with something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't see you well with something, probably it's true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years that I really understood his meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person inside and outside, there is no look you can't attract it.
So there's no excuse for anyone in this audience.
We should be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
You see, a universal truth six words for you. The golden lentils go with everything.
And finally, Saturday, develop a personal and unique personal style is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people were approaching me this week just by what I was using, and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously all this is not going to go into my little value.
So before I went home, to Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to move emotionally to these things, because around the corner, there will always be another crazy suit, colorful and brilliant species, if there is a little love in my heart and watch.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can split in two parts.
The left side, which is the logical part, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we use a scale to measure the altitude of each hemisphere we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be someone who is completely logic.
This would be someone who is totally intuitive.
So where do you put your brain on this scale?
Some of these things were going to forget for one of these extremes, but I think for most of the members of this audience, their brain is something like this -- with a big application in both hemisphere at the same time.
It's not that they're mutually excluded.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider one of those people, that just like most of the other experimental quantum physicists need quite a lot of logic to connect these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need quite an intuition to make experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We're going to play with them, and then we see how they react and then we developed our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
A certain intuition that you can have developed over the past of the years is that one thing can be just in a place at a time.
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you didn't get born with this notion -- they developed it.
I remember watching a child playing in a parking bar.
It was a small child, and it didn't do it very well, it always stopped.
But I bet the playing with that parking bar was taught by a valuable lesson -- and it is that the big things don't allow the strokes to stay in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have in the world, except you are a particle physicist.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play with parking bars, play with these strange little particles.
And when you play with your particles, you find that they do all kinds of things that are really rare -- like you can go through walls, or you can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations and they called it the quantum mechanics theory.
At that point the physics was found a few years ago, they needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But they didn't need it to describe the big objects around us every day.
That doesn't fit very well to my intuition and maybe because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, never seen a particle whatsoever.
But it didn't fit my logical part.
Because if everything is made of little particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then shouldn't all follow the principles of quantum mechanics ...
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow demonstrate that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that has been in a quantum mechanical supermarket.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle.
That's the metal piece I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to broaden it a little bit. It's just in the center.
And then here we do a good approach to the little metal tragedy.
What we see is a little piece of metal, with a translator and that it usually supported in a platform.
And then I did this almost the same way you would do a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip and I put all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to make this sort of piece of pill that you find under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum surface, but for it, it needs a bit of help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in a full elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm in an elevator alone, I do all kinds of weird things, but then when other people go up to stop doing those things, because I don't want to bother them, or actually scare them.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The travel partners of inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that shines it and the wind that goes through their side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this piece of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to explore all of the other passengers to it.
And that's what we did.
We turn the lights off, then we introduced a vacuum and we extract all the air, and then we cool it to a temperature of less than a degree above absolute zero.
Now, when you're just in the elevator -- the little piece of metal is free to act as you want.
So we measured their movements.
We discovered that it moved in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly still, I was vibrating -- and the way that I came up with it was like a breath like this -- like a shot that expanded and contract.
And by giving us a supercomputer surgery, we could make it live and not live at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that one thing alive and doesn't live at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In a case, all of the atoms of atoms that make that metal piece are sitting still, and at the same time, those same atoms are moving up and down.
It's just in certain points when those people lined up.
At the rest of the time, they're devoted.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
It was worth going to turn into a clean room to do this for all those years, because you see this, the difference in scale between one atom and that piece of metal is more or less the same as the difference between that piece of metal and you.
So if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of metal can be in two different places, why not you?
I mean, it's my logical part of it.
So imagine if they were in several places at the same time, how would that be?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was deployed in space?
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we heat it, and we switched the lights and we look inside the box, we saw that the metal was still there in a single piece.
And I could get to this new intuition. All the objects in the elevator are actually just quantum objects that are simply made in a small space.
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more profound than that.
It's that those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are, and that is the deep strangeness of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Fried.
And 18 months ago, I was doing another job at Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss that allowed me to take it to me.
It took me 18 months and it took me 18 months.
Lots of negotiations and stories, I assure you, with 17 very interesting museums in nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on it.
There are a lot of stories of why we did it.
I think my own story is just explaining in this slide, and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
Good education Google did not get me, but I didn't have access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and going to museums. I started learning a lot.
And working at Google, I try to do the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
Better than showing you a couple of interesting things that we have led to it from their launch.
So, just go to Allimocrators.
Look around all the museums that there are.
There's the Green Gallery -- the MoMA, the Michael, the Ricks, the Van Google.
In fact, I'm going to go into one of my favorites, the Metadander, the New York Art Museum.
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple.
We click and she passed up, we're already inside the museum.
It doesn't matter where they are, Bonica or Mexico, that doesn't really matter.
You move around and get fun.
Do you want to navigate the museum?
We opened the plane up the top, and with one click, we jumped in.
They're inside, they want to go at the end of the passage.
Go ahead. You get diverse.
explore.
Thank you, but I haven't reached the best.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings -- "The Copers of Pieter British in Metropolitan.
I see the sign.
If the museum shows you the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here's all the metaphor data.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images we've captured in what we call the giant technology.
So this image, for example, contains -- I think, about 10,000 million pounds.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get with 10,000 million of them?
So I'll show you what you really get with 10,000 million pixels of limits.
It can be made around a very simple way.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you really want to get deeply.
So I started playing play, and I found something that happened there.
And I said, "Oh my moment, this seems interesting.
I went into and found that children were actually playing something.
I spent a little bit, I talked to some of the Mexican people, and I actually found that this is a game called "Charmoserations, which is to hit an eighth with a stick on the Mars street.
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get deeper and deeper and see that you can actually get even to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective -- I'm going to get out the image, so you'll see what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is to come, a second.
So now we go quickly to jump over again to the MoMA in New York.
Here's another one of my favorites. The night strategic night.
The example I showed was to find details.
But what if you want to see the paintings?
And if you want to see how van Gogh actually created this teacher work?
I increase it and really do it.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this picture, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is "The Star night -- I think I'd never seen it before.
Let me show you another favorite functions.
There are a lot of things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is really cool part. It's called "The "The "The "The "These "These "These "These "These "These "These "These "These "These "These "These "These "These "These "These "These "These "These "These "These "These "These "These "These "These "These "These "These "These "These "These "These "These "These "These is a great part.
All of you, absolutely everyone, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a material, that gives you the same.
You can online, create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we enter -- I've created this function that I call "The power of the garbage," and we just made a tower around us.
It's about "The French on the National Gallery in London.
You can throw things out, send them to their friends and maintain a conversation about what they feel when they consider these teachers.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all of the amazing things don't really come from Google.
No, in my opinion, even they don't come from the museums.
Maybe I should not say this.
They actually come from those artists.
And that has been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital media makes it justice to your work of art, and it's represented online.
And the big question that you do today is, "Do you did this to replicate the experience of going to a museum?
And the answer is no.
It's to supplement the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good evening.
I have something to show you.
Think of it is a liver, a flying eye.
In our lab, we call it sensitive design.
Let me tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture, I'm from Italian origin -- all the kids in Italy grow with this picture on the wall of their bedroom. But the reason I show you this is that it has been something very interesting in Formula 1 in the last two decades.
It was a time ago, if you wanted to win a Cambridge One, take a budget and put it to a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough, you won the race.
This is what in engineering are called real time control systems.
It's essentially a system that has two components -- a sensor and a accident.
Today what's interesting is that the real-time control systems are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, over the last few years, have been covered with networks and electronics covered in the last few years.
They're becoming computers to the free air.
And, as such, they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected.
And the cities are a big thing.
As a note, I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the planet's cortex but they represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of the energy consumption, and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be something big.
Beyond cities, all these things and activists are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition of Paul Angeles for years in MoMA during the summer.
It's called "The Now Me.
Well, our objects, the environment, start talking.
In a way, it's like almost all existing atoms became sensors and actions.
And that's completely changing the interaction that as humans have with the outside environment.
In a sense, it's almost like the old dream of Miched Angeless."
You know, when Michelangelo sends the Moore, it says that at the end I took the hammer and thrown it to the Moses -- you can still see a little cord underneath it, and he said screaming, "It is not paraded."
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts talking.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples, insist on the idea of capturing the environment and picking something.
Let's start with selection.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a lucky summer in 2006.
It was the year that Italy.
Maybe some of you remember it, played Italy and France, and at the end of the day, Zinche gave the head.
And anyway, at the end won Italy.
Now let's look at what happened that day looking at activity happened in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the Columbia in the middle and the Tibet.
It's the morning, before the game.
The time line is at the top.
At the early afternoon there are people around here, and there we call them, move.
Start the game, silence.
Gulf of France, Gulf of Italy.
Interface, people make a quick call and go to the bathroom.
Second time. End of the time.
First extra time, second.
Zackin, and at a moment, the head.
winning Italy, right?
That night everybody went to celebrate the center.
There you see the big summit.
The next day they all went to the center to find the winning team and the first minister of then.
And then everybody goes down.
You see the image of the place called Chris Massachu, where from the round time, people will celebrate -- it's a great party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection is not about people, but about things we use and consume them.
Today we know all about the projection of our objects.
This is a map that shows all of the chips that make a Mac -- how they are adapting.
But we know very little about where things are.
So in this project we developed some small tags to track the garbage in their journey by the system.
We started with a few volunteers that helped us in Seattle a little more than a year ago, to label what they were doing, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that you can anyway.
And then we put a little chip and a tag in the trash and then we started tracking it.
These are the results.
So from Seattle.
after a week.
With this information, we realized that there are many implications in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data that didn't exist.
There are complicated things happening and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing we think we think is that if we look at every day that the cup that we remove don't disappear, it's still somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle that we throw one day it still goes out there.
And if we show people that, then we can promote some behavioral change.
That was the reason for the project.
My colleague at MIT, Stage Biology, could tell us a lot more about detecting and many other great things we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part we mentioned at the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple years ago in Zeroz.
It all started with a question from the mayor of the city, which came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of water use in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology can, the new technology, join that?
And one of the ideas we developed at MIT, in a workshop was, imagine that they have a cat and the valves -- soldiers who open up and shut up.
It's created like a water cut, with water lights.
If you run the pixels you can write in them, show patterns -- images, text.
And when we zoom in, the curtain will open up so that we can happen, as you see in the image.
We presented this to the Bill Pole.
He liked it very much.
And you have a fight to design the building at the entrance of the Explore.
We call it Portugal Water Portugal.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no doors or windows -- but when you approach you open so you can happen.
The roof is also covered with water.
And if there's a little bit of wind, if you want to minimize the sandstones, you get the ceiling.
Or you can close the building and all architecture disappeared, like in this case.
Those days there will always be somebody in the winter, when you go down the roof, somebody who was there and he said, "We have the building?
No, it's not that you have it, but when you get down almost all architecture goes down.
Here's how it works.
You see people who are intrigued by what's going on.
And here I am trying to not be able to keep testing the sensors that open water.
I think it should tell you what happened one night when all sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All the children in Zeroza came to the building because the way we interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was opened up to let it happen, but a building that kept making slices and water holes and you had to jump out so you don't get wet.
(Audience noises) And for us that was really interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think about the use that people will give our designs.
But then the reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact with, that people use.
This is a picture of the building with the physical pixels -- water pixels and projections about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine you could have little helicopters in the air, and that each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one we saw before, that moves with others in synthesizer.
We could form this cloud.
It's a kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where what changes is light, not the position of the limbs.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen would appear in different scales and sizes.
And then it could then be able to put a piece of pixels in 3D to which you can zoom in, and go through it, and see from very different angle.
This is the real controlled Florida, going down to form a V, like before.
When the light goes on, it looks like this.
Imagine each of them controlled by a person.
We can have each pixel with an input that comes from people, the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Bolivia -- of the best ballet dancers today, the New York Metro star star and the Miller State, to capture their movements in 3D and use them as input for the Florida.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the pixels -- the capture in different resolution.
It's so much damage 3D in real time as a movement capture.
It can rebuild all the movement.
You can walk all the way.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and rotation with gravity.
We want to use this as a possible entry for the Florida.
I wanted to show you the last project we're working on.
It's something for the Olympics.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment -- as a cloud of clouds, like the grain of great, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could make everybody run a little bit for a gun.
And I think the remarkable thing that's happened over the last few years is that, in the last two decades, we went from the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything like knowledge, and it's accessible through the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- the Obama campaign showed us, we can move from the digital world, the self-organizing power of networks, the physical world.
In our case, this may want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That means something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today, think about climate change or CO2 emissions -- how do we move from digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people engage in doing this together, collective form.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that real cloud is a cloud of particles.
And those particles are water, whereas in our clouds are limited.
It's a physical structure in London, but covered with limits.
You can move inside, have different experiences.
You can see it from below, and it will be able to share the main moments of the 2010 Olympics.
So it's so much a physical cloud of the sky as something you can rise, as a new summit of London.
You can go in there.
As if it was a new digital fan at night, but the most important thing is that it will be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than you are.
Suppose I told you that, with only a few changes in their genes, they could improve memory, for more accurate and faster.
Or maybe you would like to be in a better way, to be stronger to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and safe to themselves?
How about living more with good health?
Or maybe they're from those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What would they like to do?
What if you could choose something?
(Music ends) Creativity. creativity.
How many people choose creativity?
Raise your hand. Let me see.
few, it probably had the amount of creative people present.
That's very good.
How many chose the memory?
A few more.
What about physical state.
A little less.
What about long-term?
Oh, most of them makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have some of this the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or can maybe be possible?
Evolution has been a subject in the TED conference, but I want to give you a doctor look at a doctor on the subject.
The great generation of the 20th century, TED. Doubles, who also was in the Oxford Church Russia, wrote an essay titled "no biology makes sense of Edward Leaders."
But if you actually accept biological evolution to consider this, it's just about the past, or the future?
Is it about others or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch, well at an end, is, of course, the most interested in us.
We will go from a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
In the interval, there has been maybe 20 or 25 different species of hominids.
Some of you have gone and forth.
We've been here about 100,000 years.
It might seem like we're very far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, in most of the basic machinery of our cells is roughly the same.
Do you realize we can leverage and control the machinery of a common bacterium to produce the protein of human insulin that is used to treat diagnosis?
This is not like human insulin -- but it's the same protein, chemically individually, that it comes out of the pancreas out.
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all take on the most bacterial gut than the cells that we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, think of you, when Antonio Damaill raises the autonomous -- think about bacteria ...
The gut is a wonderfully hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, gravity, it's very archive.
And we're going to provide all the nutrients that you can want without effort from your side.
It's really like a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some force for the road.
But in fact, we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential to our life.
They help us digest essential nutrients and protect us from certain diseases.
But what does the future?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or are we going to become a different thing, something maybe better adapted to the environment?
In this vast synaptic symphony of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief company, the animal kingdom, as one and only compassion, and human life, a little bit of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk, so I hope that they have enjoyed it.
When I got to college, I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by the elegance and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental -- in most of the existence of life, in the universal organisms, every cell is simply divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two daughters of that cell.
But when the multicellular organisms, things start to change.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important, with the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens the genome -- the rest of the body becomes predictable.
In fact, you could say that the inevitability of the body death comes into evolution at the same moment of sexual reproduction.
I have to convince you that when I was college students, I was thinking, well, sexuality -- sexuality death, seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year I was spending -- every time I had more doubt.
I got to understand the feelings of George Burkon, who still acted in Las Vegas in her 90s, in his 90s, he entered her 90 years.
And one night someone hit his hotel door at night.
He opens the door.
It finds a magnificent clean dance of clothes.
And he looks at him and says, "You know, you look for a sex sex.
"All right." He says George says, "I chose the sponsor."
I realized, as a doctor, that I was working on a different goal at the goal of evolution, not necessarily contractors, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to stay healthy.
I wanted to recover health in the disease.
I wanted us to live more and more healthy.
Evolution is to pass the genome to the next generation, adapting and survival generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I are like refugee rockets designed to send the genetic load to the next level, and then let me fall into the sea.
I think we all understand the feeling that Woody Allen expresses when he said, "I don't want to achieve the immortality through my work.
I want to make it not dying.
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
Not necessarily favor the largest or the stronger or the faster and even the smartest one.
Evolution favors the best addies to their environment.
That's the only test of survival and success.
In the bottom of the ocean the theoretical bacteria that can survive the heat of the foreign foreign people that will produce, if there were fish there, fish cocaine, yet they've managed to make that an architectural environment.
So what does this mean when we look at what's happening in evolution, and if we think about the place of humans in evolution, and in particular, if we look forward to the next phase -- I would say there are many possibilities.
The first one is we don't evolved.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, first of all, we have been able to preserve a lot of genes that would otherwise have been discarded and removed from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we've gotten our environment to adapt to us as well as we adapt to him.
And by the way, we migrated and circulations, and we are so interested in that that it's no longer possible to have the isolation necessary for evolution.
A second possibility is that you produce an evolution of the traditional type, natural in the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be that the exchange of evolution will be delivered, but they're ineffective.
And in terms of isolation, when as as as as a species colonization planets are going to exist the isolation and the environmental changes that can produce evolution in a natural way.
But there is a third possibility -- an attractive possibility.
We call it neurological -- the new evolution, which is not just natural, but it will guide and choose for us as individuals in the decisions we took.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we do this?
We first consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more variations than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what's chosen to individual and family levels.
Think also that if you could be able to be able to choose not only the sex of your offspring.
What if we could make genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or Alzheimer's disease or reduce the risk of cancer or eliminate the appearance?
Wouldn't you want to make those changes in their genes.
If we look at the future that kind of change is going to be increasingly possible.
Project Genome Human Project started in 1990 and sued 13 years.
It costs two billion dollars.
The next year we had finished, in 2004, could do the same job for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a full sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome at a nearby cost at about 20,000 dollars and in a week.
It doesn't make a lot to make a lot of human genome actually make the human genome for 16,000 and more and more to the reach of all.
Those changes.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves, but they are going to induce immune versus other viruses.
Believe it or not there is an experimental trial in the course of the influenza.
Can you imagine something good about the table?
That's true today, and in the future it's going to be increasingly possible.
Imagine just two other little changes.
Can they change the cells of their bodies, but if they could change the cells of their disappointment?
And if they could change the sperm and the vulnerable, or change the vote of the current foot, and give their children a better chance of a healthier life, eliminating diabetes, eliminating the hackers, reducing the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want more healthy children?
And then, that same analog technology, that same engine of science that can produce the changes to prevent diseases is going to also allow us to also adopt self-assembly, hyper-motivated medical business.
Why not have the ingenuity of a Ken Jennifer especially if you could increase the next generation of the Washington machine.
Why don't you have a faster control muscle than it allows us to run faster and different distance?
Why wouldn't I live more time?
This is going to be irrelevant.
And when we are in conditions of putting this into the next generation and we can embrace the attributes that we wanted to have become the evolution of before the neuroscience is converted to us.
We're going to take a process that could normally take 100,000 years and we can compress it to 1,000 years and maybe it happens within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have to have them.
We're going to use these options in a better society, more successful society, more conscious?
Or are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us but not for the others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more uniform or more robust and more version?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to deal with.
And the profound thing about all, are we able to develop wisdom and inherit wisdom needed to make these self-expansion decisions.
For well or bad, and before what I could think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a big explosion when you're 900 feet tall.
Imagine a plane full of smoke.
Imagine a motor by making a click -- click, climber.
Clinic, click, click, click, climber.
Well, I had a single seat that day. I was sitting in the 19.
It was the only one who could talk to the flight assistant.
So I immediately looked at them, and they said, "There's no problem. We probably hit some birds.
The pilot had already lived the plane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot is hitting the plane with the Hudson River.
It's usually not the route.
He took the engines off.
Imagine being in an airplane and without noise.
And then he said three words.
The three most disappointed words I have heard.
He said, "Let the impact for the impact.
I didn't have to talk more with the flight assistant.
I could see it in his eyes.
The life was finished.
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an instant.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get and I didn't do it, all the fences I wanted to repair, all the experiences I wanted to have and never had.
As I thought about it later -- I came up with a sentence, which is, "They have bad wine books."
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to apply anything in life.
And that urgency, that purpose, has really changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is as we found the George Washington Bridge that was not for a lot -- I thought about it. I really feel a big mess.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and my mistakes. I've tried to improve all I did.
But in my humanity, I also put place to my ego.
And I regret the time I wake up in things that don't matter with people who matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then as a media in that, I decided to eliminate the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels wonderful.
I don't try to be right.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock is disappeared, "Hey, 14, 13.
You see the water approaching.
I'm saying, "Please fly."
I don't want this to break up in 20 pieces as you see in those papers.
And as we danced, I had the feeling of, this, dying no fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all of our lives.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go, I love my life.
And that sadness is made in a single thought, which is, just desire.
I wish I could see my kids growing up.
One month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of artistic talent --  --  --            And scream -- like a small one.
And for me, that was the whole reason to be the world.
At that point, by connecting those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
On top of all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I came up with a miracle of not dying that day.
And I got another gift, which was the possibility of looking at the future and back and living in another way.
You know, you are flying around today, the challenges that you imagine that the same thing happens in your plane -- and please don't be like that -- but imagine how to change?
What would you do, that you still expect to do because you think they're going to live forever.
How do they change their relationships and the negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are you being the best parents you can."
Thank you.
I clearly have been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most great thing I worked on was for this guy.
The guy is called TED.
TED was one of the most important graffiti gravity in the '80s.
One day he came to his house after running and said, "Dad, I feel an ant in the legs.
And that was the beginning of the ALS.
TED has a total paralysis.
It can only use your eyes.
His job influenced me.
I have a design and animation company, so obviously, graffiti is something that we admire and respect in the world of art.
So we decided that we were going to sponsor Tony and TED, and their cause.
So I went and met with her brother and father and I said, "We're going to give you this money.
What are you going to do with him?
And his brother said, "I want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him and he would be able to communicate with me?
And I said, "A second is not that I see Stephen Hawking, not all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices?
And he said, "No, unless you are somebody important, you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people.
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate then?"
Anybody to see the movie "The stream and the market?
They communicate in that way -- they can kill them with the finger.
I said, "That's architecture. How can it be?"
So I showed up with the only desire to deliver a check, and instead I signed a check, I didn't have the slightest idea of how I was going to cover it.
I engaged with her brother and his father there at that point in the moment, "All right, this is the treatment, Tony is going to talk about, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way for him to make his art again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who have so much on their inner can't be communicated.
So I talked about a couple months later.
I met these guys called GDP "The Research Research Research, who have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface, and then with a laser painting, they draw about that and recorded negative space.
So they go around doing art facilities like this.
All the things that come out, they say, are part of a life cycle.
First of all, you start with sexual organs, then with bad words, then with the blood attacks, and at the end, people start doing art.
But there was always a cycle of life in their presentations there.
And so the journey began.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and so much moving things on one side we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we took the gates of insurance companies, and we got a machine for TED could communicate, a machine like Stephen Hawking.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's most fun. I call it Post because when you talk to the guy you get an email from him, and you say, "Don't deserve it. This guy's fantastic.
The other thing we did was to bring seven programmers around the world -- just from all the corners of the planet, to our home.
My wife, the kids and I, we moved the garden back and these hackers and programmers and constructions and anthropologists took control of the house.
A lot of our friends thought we did something completely stupid and that when we came back there would have removed the walls of the walls and in their place there would be graffiti ones.
But for two weeks we program, we went to the sea step of Venice, my son was part of my dog too, and we created this.
It's called September Senator. You can see the description of it.
They are a couple of cheaper glasses that we buy in the sea rate of Von Beach, some of the copper wire and Homo Department and Radio Shanghai.
We took a PC camera, we open it, we put it on a light of LED and now there's a device that is free -- you build yourself, we publish the free code, the software goes down in a free way.
And we created a device that has no limitation at all.
There is no insurance company that says, "No."
There is no hospital who can say, "No."
Any person with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate using only their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. That was awesome.
So at the end of the two weeks, we went back to the TED room.
I love this picture because this is another person's room, and that's your room.
There was all this block and advertised during the big incident.
And after more than a year of planning, two weeks of programming -- intensive sessions.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life and he's looking through the support system of his life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the park outside of the hospital.
And he went back to me for the first time in front of his family and friends -- he would imagine what the feeling of the parking feel.
The funny thing was, we had to replace the parking lot, so we felt like we were reconstructing graffiti as well.
At the end of this, he sent us an email and this was what he said, "This was the first time he drew in seven years.
I felt like I had been under the water, and somebody finally came to rescue and get out of there so I could breathe.
Isn't it wonderful?
In a way, that's our scream of war.
That's what keeps us in motion, develop us.
And we have a long way to go through this.
It's a great device but it's the equivalent of a magic screen.
Someone with this artistic potential deserves much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust.
Since then we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've won a lot of awards.
Remember, it's free, none of us is making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The awards were the guy, "Oh, this is fantastic.
And we were able to get something about us and then in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best inventors in 2010, and it was really cool.
The best thing about all of this -- this is what you end up close to the circle, is that in April of this year in the George of Mountain in the center of Los Angeles there is going to be an exhibition called the "Art in the Streets."
And "The Streets" in the streets, it's going to have the best expansion of urban art, "The Shakespeare Farm, CA: All of them are going to be there.
TED is going to be in the show, which is pretty impressive.
So basically this is my idea, if you look at something that is not possible, make it possible.
Nothing in this room was possible -- the stage, the computer, the microphone, the Scottish, nothing was possible at a certain time.
Make it possible, anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with a health recognition technology, just recognize something and associated with wonderful people so I could make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want you all to do every day when you meet something that we feel like you need to do -- if it's not now, right? And if I'm not me, who ...
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years getting in very difficult situations and at the same time a bit dangerous.
I went to prison, hard.
I worked on a coal mine, dangerous.
Film in zones of war, hard and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating just this, fun at the beginning, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career I've been immersed in situations in horrible appearance with the only goal of trying to try to examine social issues in ways that happen to be attractive, interesting, and, hopefully analyze it in a way that look forward and accessible to the audience.
So when I knew that I would come here to make a TEDTalk about the world of brands and the patent I wanted to do something a little different.
So some people may have heard or not, a couple weeks ago, took an animal in Eden.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some of Twitter, offered in sale the names of my TEDTalk of 2011.
So what had been the next thing was this: "This Never President Novel, my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it is about what it is about what it is to be able to exploit in my face, especially if I put it in ridiculous to you or your company as you do it.
But I said this is a very good media opportunity.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
Thank you.
It's a degree in progress.
So even with that room I knew someone was going to buy the rights rights.
If you asked me a year ago, I wouldn't have been able to tell you with certainty.
But in the new film I am working on -- we tested the world of the marketing world.
And as I said before, I've been in horrible situations over the last few years, but nothing could prepare me, nothing could anticipate for something as difficult or as dangerous as entering the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a movie.
Morgan Schwarzschool: I want to make a film that tries to be about the pollen of products -- the marketing and the advertising, and the whole film is funded with policy and marketing and advertising.
The movie is going to call "The largest movie ever sell."
What happens in "The largest movie ever sold is that everything from top to the bottom, from beginning to end, has brand images, all the time, from the autonomous that appears before the title, the X brand.
Now this brand -- Quantum Queen, the State Center.
These people are associated with permission to permanent, forever.
And so the film explores all of this idea.
I'm a reduction of a reduction.
It was "A Paralysaries."
But we're not just going to have the X brand passion in the title, but we are going to make sure that we would get all the categories that we can in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe and becomes the most cool shoe you used to use.
The most cool car that you have led to "The largest film ever selled -- the best trial you have been baby, cut from "The largest movie ever sold it?
January John." The idea is then also to show the brands as part of the life, make them fund the film?
The whole film goal is transparency.
You're going to see the whole process in this film.
That's the whole idea, all the film, at the end.
And I would love that CO2 helped me make it happen.
Robert Friedman: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that, it's the maximum respect for the audience.
Good, however, I don't know how far people are going to be to that.
XL: You have a perspective. I don't know if "no, it's very negative, but you know how it goes to Republican. (Audience: No idea, David Color"" -- how much money does you need to do this?
MS: A million and a half, (Audience: Very good, John Katrina, I think it's going to be hard to meet with them, but it's certainly going to be worth convincing a couple big brands.
XL: Who knows, perhaps for the moment that film comes out of the movie is a lot of artificial idiots.
MS: What do you think it's going to be the answer?
Stuart Robert: Most of the answers will be "not."
MS: But will it be hard to sell by the film or for me?
JK: Two things.
MS: No, it means you're not very optimistic.
So, helping me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: Very good. (Audience: Okay. Awesome.
MK: We need to think about what brands.
MS: Yes. (Audience: That's the challenge: When you look at the people you have to deal with.
MK: We have some places where to go.
MS: I thought that "the camera is meant to have a conversation outside of me.
It turns out the camera means, "We don't want to know anything about your film.
MS: And so it was, one by one, all these companies suddenly disappeared.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And I was very shocked, I thought the concept of advertising, was to present the product to as many people as possible as possible, to make so many people see it as possible.
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media scenario and the separate media scenario is not the idea to tell with that new worthy of attention that is going to bring the message to the mass?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a dark error and that mistake was this.
Not actually no mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been fine.
But the problem was what this image.
See, when you look for "the Brandon images in Google --   -- this is one of the first images that show up.
I like your road way, Sergey Britain. No.
This was the problem: transparency, signal of simulation or contrast, easily detects or seen -- easily understood -- that is characterized by the visibility or access of information, especially in business practices, being the last line perhaps the largest problem.
You see, you hear a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians need it, the president the name, even the CEOs name it.
But suddenly when it comes to do it really something changes suddenly.
But why? Well, transparency gives fear --  -- like that weird bear that still keeps playing.
It's unprecedented?   Like this rare rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is it rigid?
They eat an entire court of Coke White.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and telling you that we wanted to tell this story and they said, "No, we want me to tell you a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you want to tell you a story that you have stories.
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie -- there he is looking at as he used to do it, he said, "Son, there are three sides in every story.
It's your story, it's my story, and there's the real story.
As you see, in this film, we wanted to tell the real story.
But with only one company, an agency wants to help -- that just because I knew John Bond and Richard Kibera of many years, I realized I would have to go on my own, I would have to take away and go to the entrepreneurs and go to companies myself.
So what I started to warn all of a sudden --  I started to realize, is that when you start to convince the companies the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big movies, big, giant and others who make small movies -- independent movies, like mine.
And my friends who do big Hollywood movies -- they say the reason why their films are so successful is due to the associated marks they have.
And then my friends who make independent movies say, "Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant films of Hollywood."
And the movie is called "The largest movie ever selled?
How are we going to see specifically in Bang in the movie?
Every time I am to go out, every time I open my partner, you'll see the Delanie descendant.
At any time during an interview with somebody else, I can say, "Are you good for this interview for this?
You're ready? You see you a little nervous.
I want to help you calm up.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview.
And there I would offer one of these fabulous arts.
Both "Machine Flore," as Peterson of Park, will have their opportunity.
We're going to have as much for man as for woman, solid to bomb, in bar, whatever.
That's the general look.
Now I can answer your questions and give you a permission look.
Karen France: We're a small brand.
Similar to the smaller type of movies that we tell -- we're rather a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that have other brand.
So doing things like this, you know, remembering B to people is the reason that we are interested in.
MS: What words would you use to describe to Bang."
bank is in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Woman: higher tech.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in your arm.
Man: We talk about something audacious -- fresh thing.
I think "the one is a great word that actually puts this category in positive versus "the smell and suburb."
You keep you.
How do you stay fresh more time? With better fragment, more free, three times more free.
Things like those who solve the benefits.
MS: And that's a multi-consumer company.
What about me? What about a common guy.
I need to talk to the man on the street, to people like me, to the common pops.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your brand?
Man: Show my brand?
I don't know.
I like the good clothes.
Woman: Red the '80s, which is less unless you get loved it.
MS: Okay, what's the George market?
German: Something unique. (Audience: Nice: Man: I guess the kind of gender, the style I have would be like a dark "Jacky."
I like the dark colors so many gray and things like that.
Usually I wear access like sunglasses, or I like crystals and similar.
Woman: If Dan was a brand, it could be a classic "class, Mars Benjamin.
Man 2: The brand I am, I call it "Dad Case."
Woman 2: At the hippie part, partly to the Bell Brooklyn, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of massive masters.
I sold toys for pet in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is FedEx because I get the market.
Man 5: Mark fish, failed.
Is that something?
Adult, I'm a lawyer market.
Tom, I'm Tom.
MS: Well, not all of us can be brand Tom, but often I was labeled at the intersection of dark "Charles and "Don't happen."
I realized I needed an expert.
I needed somebody who could enter my head, someone who could help us understand what they call the brand "report?"
And I found a company called Olympics Zahrition in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Nelson, February, Headlin to discover that brand personality.
If you could do it for them, you could surely do it for me.
Administration." Translate the photos, right?
MS: Yes. The first picture is a family picture.
A: Tell me a little bit how you relate to your thoughts and feelings your way to be.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me about that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world where you live, like the people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things are organized and start in a place and in my case and they start in my family, in West Virginia.
A: What's the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next thing is, "This was the best day of my life."
A: How do you relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way to be?
MS: It's like who I want to be me.
I like the different things.
I like weird things. I like weird things.
A: Tell me about the "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The
What's the machine? So what phase is the pop for you now?
Why is it important to reverse? What does the red do?
Tell me a little bit about that.
A little more than you, which is not who you are.
What other metals have you had?
You have to have fear. What kind of Russian mountains are?
MS: Suppose. (CA: Thank you.) No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patient.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of crazy in all this.
Linda Zack: The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides -- but competitive in your brand personality -- the brand Maria Season is a constructive brand.
Very well together.
And I think there's almost a paradox in them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong points or in the other rather than focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend -- it's human nature, to avoid the things that are not sure -- avoid fear, those elements, and you actually give them a little bit positive for you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are this?
The first here is the classic one: Apple one.
And you can also see the Tarter, Wikipedia, Ministry of Mine Cooper and Jersey.
Now there are laws and conscious marks, those things that have gone and come and come up with a light brand is quite powerful.
MS: A legislation brand. What's your brand?
If someone asks you to describe your identity identity, your brand personality -- what would it be?"
Are you an attractive attachment? Are you somebody who makes blood fall?
Or are you a disappeared attraction?
A little bit more calendar, refugee, conservative.
Attacks are like being playful to be fresh like the Prize, contemporary and advanced, advanced or bold like Eric Fluck, fast or giant, profile, dominant, magic or mystic like Gandhi.
Or are you rather at a disappointing attraction?
Are you conscious, sophisticated like 507?
Are you stunned, traditional -- provider, protection -- protective -- you identify Openna?
You're trust, stable, familiar family, safe, safe, safe, safely and wise or wise -- like the Dalai Lama or Doug's] Day."
In the course of this film, we had more than 500 companies, and accelerators and descendants, who said, "No, they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they didn't have control, they wouldn't have control about the final product.
They allowed us to tell the story of the neurogenesis, and we came to tell the story in this movie of how the magnetic resonance now uses to identify the centers of the desire in the brain as much for commercial marketing as for movies.
We went to San Paulo where they've banned the open air advertising.
Throughout the city for the last five years, there are no cards, no cards, no volcanoes, nothing.
And we went to school district where companies are doing walking in schools with the U.S. label problems.
The amazing thing for me is that the projects in which I've had the biggest answer or the ones that I've had more successful are those where I've interacted with things directly.
And that's what these brands.
They took the interventions, they took out their agencies, and they said maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to treat the artist directly.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that's going to make people think of people, which is going to challenge the way we look at the world.
And how do you leave them? Did you have success?
Well, since the movie comes down in the Sundance Festival -- let's take a look.
According to Burants the movie stretches in January, and since then, -- this is not all -- we've had 900 million impressions, in the media for this film.
This covers just a two and a half weeks.
That's just online, no press, no TV.
The movie is still not distributed yet.
It's still on line. It's not in stress.
It's not even been presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this movie has already begun to win momentum.
And it's not bad because almost all the agencies that we talk about is the ones that we talk about.
I've always believed that if you are right, if you take risks, you take risks, you have opportunities.
I think when you take people out of that, it's pushing them to failure.
I think when you train your employees on the risk at risk is preparing your entire company to take a reward.
I feel what has to happen to move forward is that we have to encourage people to risk.
We have to encourage people to have no fear of the opportunities that they can scare them.
Ultimately, forward, I think we have to give them place to fear.
We have to put that bear in a cage.
We hug fear. We hug the risk.
From a chair at a time, we have to hug the risk.
And, ultimately, we have to harbor transparency.
More than even a little bit of honesty is going to go down a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all my talk "The Transparency the Translator, has been presented by my good friends of Emmanual who by 25,000 buying the rights of the name in Edward.
EM: becoming large data in big opportunities for companies around the world.
The "Terror is "Pool the Translator."
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So Morgan in behalf of transparency, which happened exactly with those 57?
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket I have a charge in the name of the TED matrix organization -- the Saddam Foundation, a chain for 57,000 to be applied to my TED assistance next year.
The idea behind the William computer worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
His biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the planning plant in Nathan.
The gray boxes that you see are control systems in real time.
If we managed to compromise these systems that control speed and valves, we can cause a lot of problems with the center.
gray boxes don't use Windows software -- they're a completely different technology.
But if we managed to put an effective virus of Windows in a laptop computer used by an engineer to get this gray box, then we are ready.
This is the plan behind Story.
We started with an installation Window.
The obesity goes into the gray box, harming the center, and the Iranian nuclear program is democratically, full mission.
Is it easy, right?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started research about Stop six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing you knew is that it's very, very complex in the Windows part of Windows -- the installed used multiple delicate vulnerability.
It seemed like wanting to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That called us the attention, and we started an experiment where we infected our environment with Story, and we saw what happened with this.
Then very strange things happen.
Story was behaving as a laboratory rat that he didn't like our cheese, wave, but he didn't want to eat.
I didn't make sense for me.
And after experimenting with different cheese flavors -- I realized, and I thought, "This is a direct attack.
It's completely direct?
The installed is looking for actively in the gray box if you find a specific conference, and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working in that place.
So Story does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the goal is?
It could be, let's say for example, an American energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
We'd better discover the goal soon.
So we extracted and we described the attack, and we found that it was structured in two digital bombs -- a small and a big one.
We also saw that they were very deeply armed by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They know all the points that they attack.
You probably even know how much the operator is.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that Stanford installed is complex and high technology, let me tell you, the burden is very complex.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this approach.
We're talking about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much like the old advice language.
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code.
What we looked at at the beginning were called the system of the system, because we know what they do.
We then look at technology and data structures and try to relate to the real world, with objective potential of the real world.
We need theories about shots that we could approve or be disappeared.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent sand, it must be a valuable white, and it's surely located in Iran, because that's where most infections have been reported.
You don't find several thousands of targets in that area.
It basically goes down to the nuclear power plant in Bosnia and the National England plant.
So I said to my assistant, "I've got a list of all of the environmental centers and power plants between our cultures?
And I called them and I consulted them in an effort for putting their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we were able to associate the little digital gap with the control of the rotor rotation.
Room is that mobile part inside the center, that black object you see.
If you manage the speed of this robot, you certainly can break it and even make the certificate explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and disappear it in an effort to go crazy.
We try to decipher the big digital opinion looking at the data and their structures.
So for example, the 160 percent on that code, cannot be obvious.
I started to research scientific literature about how these centers are built in Nathan and found that they're structured in what's called a camera, and every waterfall contains 160 cents.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better yet.
These centers in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we found in the attack code.
A almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of trust in understanding what we had between hands.
So there is no material, it wasn't like this.
The results have been generated after several weeks of hard work.
We were all going to end up in streets without out, and we had to go back to start.
And yet, we found that both digital officers would be pointing on one and the target itself, but from different angles.
The little girl is taking a camera, and making the interventions and relative them, and the big owner communicates with six cameras and manipulating valves.
In fact, we're very confident that we have determined what the imbalance is.
It's Nathan, and it's just Nathan.
We should not worry that other targets are reached by Story.
So here I show you a few very interesting things that we saw -- really struck me.
There is the gray box, and the top is the centers.
What this thing does is to intercept the delivery values of the sensors for example, from pressure sensors and vibration sensors and providing legitimate code, which is still running during the attack, with false input data.
And believe it or not, these fake entry data are prepared by Story.
It's like in Hollywood movies where, during the robot, the security camera feeds in previous video.
Is it great that there?
The idea here is obviously not just to make the operators in the fourth control.
It's really much more dangerous and aggressive.
The idea is to make a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the great steam turbine goes out of speed, you should open up swimming valves in a millisecond.
Obviously, this can't do it a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're committed -- then bad things can happen.
The plant can exploit it.
And not the operations or the security system will notice it.
That scares that.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This attack is genetics.
It has nothing to see, specifically with centers, with uranium entrepreneurs.
It could also work as well, for example, in an energy plant, or in an automobile factory.
It's genetics.
And you don't have a story -- and you have to disseminate this load with a USB key, as we saw in Stanford case.
You could also use conventional technology technology to disseminate them.
They enjoy the most possible.
And if you do that, with what you end up with is with a massive destruction.
That's the consequence we should face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of targets for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and Japan.
All the green areas are spaces with a lot of goals.
We need to face the consequences and better we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Ralph has been made in many sides that people assume that the Mosh is the main entity behind this.
What's your opinion.
Ralph Lange) Okay, you really want to hear this?
Yeah. Okay.
My opinion is that the Mosh is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is cyber superconductor.
There is one alone, and that's the United States, fortunately, fortunately fortunately fortunately there.
Because, otherwise our problems would be even larger.
CA: Thank you. Rando. Thank you, Rando.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take and give you subjects and another one that makes you users of wheelchair and you go back and walk back.
In Biology Biggers, we call these robots.
It's not different from something that you put in the morning, it gives you a big force that will increase its speed, and it helps you, for example, to manage balance.
It's actually the real integration of man and machine.
But not only that -- you can integrate it and connect it with the universe and with other external things.
This is not an irreverent idea.
In order to show you now what we're working on, we start talking about the American soldier that, in average, it has to take on their back, a 450 pounds, and it's going to be demanding even more teams.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries on the back, 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage.
We decided to consider this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help us handle the issue.
Let me introduce you to DNA -- or Port Carolina Human Cardiall.
Soldier: With the USA exoskeleton I can carry 90 pounds by variable terrain for many hours.
Their flexible design, it allows you to be able to drag and execute movements with great algorithm.
I think what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then raise my strength and my resistance.
Peter Benjamin." We're ready, with our industrial partner, to produce this device, this new exoskeleton this year.
I mean, it's a reality.
So let's go back now to the users of wheelchair for wheelchair about what I'm particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people roughly, in wheelchair around the world.
Like one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation.
We talk about something that happens with frequency -- very young people, with damage in the spinal cord that when they start their life -- at the age of 20, 30 or 40 years -- collide against a wall and chair chair turns out to be their only choice.
We also talk about the population that will be multiple rapidly.
His only choice, many times -- by a brain injury or some other complicated -- is the wheelchair.
And this has been for the last 500 years, from its successful emergence as I should recognize.
So we decided to start to write a new chapter on mobility.
Let me introduce you to the education that's using Amanda Bolly who 19 years ago he had a lesion in the vertical column, and as a result, he couldn't walk back for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Bolic: Thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our embark, which I mentioned.
It has a few sensors.
It's completely not invasive in the crutches that send signals to the board computer, here on the back.
There are also some batteries that give energy to the motors in the heads, and in the knees, and they make it progress with this soft and very natural spread.
AB: I was 24 years old at the top of my life when, for a stranger jump in the air, skiing down it was paralyzed.
In a fraction of a second, I lost all feeling and all movement of the pelvis.
A little time later, a doctor walked into my room in the hospital, and he said, "Do you never go back to walk."
That happened 19 years ago.
So I stole up to the last kind of hope of my being.
The adaptation technology since then, it has allowed me to learn how to deliver the way down in sex, climbing rocks and even riding in a hand bicycle.
But they haven't invented anything that allows me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change the life to future generations -- not just of soldiers, but America, and all users of wheelchair to all.
AB: Thank you.
I just come back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the battery, practice sex to say hello, and play is the order of the day, where fun is serious stuff.
And no, it's not the February guy or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, you know their cousins.
This is the world of the wild Bonobos in Congo forests in Congo.
Bonds are, along with chimpanzees, their closest living relative.
That means that we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, which lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known for their air.
But unfortunately, we've made too much emphasis in this aspect in our narrative of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by big type, trained, the Bonobo society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special -- because this leads to a very tolerant society where the violence is still not observed.
But unfortunately, the bonobos are the least understanding of the big apes.
They live in the depths of the Congo, and it's been very difficult to study them.
Congo is a paradox, an extraordinary land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the same technology, the stage of a violent conflict that has been produced by decades and caused almost as much as the First World War.
It's not surprising that this destruction also puts in danger the survival of the Bonobo.
Catastrophes of hunting and deforestation makes you can't fill a stadium with the bonobos that are in the world, and honestly, we're not sure that.
However, in this land of violence and chaos, you can hear the hidden laughter by measuring trees.
Who are these cousins?
We know them as the apes of love, not war, because they have frequent sex and promise and bisexual to handle conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the life of Bonobos is more than the Khmer Survey.
To Bonobos like humans, they love playing the long thing in their lifetime.
Play is not just a child's game.
For us, and for them the game is fundamental to establish links and foster tolerance to do.
We learn to trust, and we learn the rules of the game.
Play increases creativity and resilience and it has to do with diversity generation diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity.
And when you look at the Bonobo, you see the evolutionary roots of the laughter, the dance and the human ritual.
The game is the glue that binds us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique video videos taken from the self-confidence.
First of all, it's a beautiful style game, and I don't talk about football it.
Here we have a female and a young male in the middle of a permission.
Look at what she is doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase, "You've got the block of balls?
Just that I think in this case he loves it, right?
Yes.
So sexual play is common as much as in humans.
And this video is really interesting because it shows -- this video is really interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements into the game -- and also how the game requires trust and promotes trust, and at the same time it's the most fun.
But the game is political.
The game is political, it can adopt many ways, some of which are more triangle, imagination, curious -- perhaps the place where the awe of wonder.
And I want you to see -- this is Frank, a young female -- who's playing with the water complaining.
I think that, like her, sometimes we play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner worlds and outside.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore it, and then the unexpected connections that we form are the actual seed of creativity.
These are just small samples of understanding that Bonobos give us our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to a more difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key of these capabilities.
In other words, play is our comet of adaptation.
In order to successfully adapt to a world that changes we need to play.
But do we get to the most our point of game?
The game is not from figure.
The game is essential.
For Bonobo and humans alike, life is not just cruel and drawing.
When it looks like the least appropriate play, they can be the moments that the most urgent thing is.
So we partners, we accept this gift of evolution and toys together as we rediscovered creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York I am responsible to develop a nonprofit organization called Robin Hollywood.
When I am not fighting poverty, they eat fires as a captain of captain in a body of volunteer firemen.
And in our city, where volunteers will make a highly skilled person, you have to get to the site of the fire very soon to enter action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer on the site, so I had a pretty high probability to go.
But there was still a racing career against the other volunteers to get to the captain and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain, I was imprisoned in a conversation with the owner that I certainly had one of the worst days of his life.
We were on the last night, she was standing outside on the rain, under a paradigm, in paradigm, a destination, while his house was in flames.
The other volunteer that I had just arrived in before I -- the Lego Luther -- he came up first to the captain and he asked her to come into the dog of the house.
The dog. I was "The Centers celebrated?
So there I was a lawyer or a money generation that, for the rest of your life, I would have to tell people who entered a building in a call to save a living self just because I won for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The captain made me a fold.
He said, "Well, I need to get between the house.
I need it to go up, go through the fire, and bring him to this woman a couple of shoes.
I swear it.
It wasn't exactly what I expected, but I went up to the stairs, at the end of the hall, and I went to the fireflies that I had just finished the fire and I walked into the top room for a couple of shoes.
I know what you're thinking about, but I'm not a hero.
I took my load back on the staircase where I met my Newton and the beautiful dog in the main door.
We came out of the house the tumors for the duration of home where, as it was to wait, his tumor received much more attention than mine.
A few weeks later, the department received a letter of the house of the house by the brave effort demonstrated to save her home.
The kindness that she looked on over the top was that someone had taken up even a couple of shoes.
So much in my vote in Robin Hollywood as my volunteer as a volunteer bomb I'm witness of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale, but also of grace acts and courage at the individual level.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So when I look at this room to people who have done, or they are by achieving it, remarkable levels of success would like to remind you this: Don't wait.
They don't wait for the first million to make the difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to give, you go now.
They serve food in a dining dining -- cleaning a neighborhood park.
Be mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save somebody's lives, but every day we're going to be able to influence someone else's lives.
So go into the game, save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, back.
Mark Beast: Thank you.
This may seem strange but I'm a big fan of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1868 with a very simple idea, and a fixed measure that fits each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used building unit in the world.
They have allowed us to build things bigger than us, as buildings or bridges, a brick at a time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947 to LED came up with this.
It was called automatic assembly building.
And in a few years, LEDs came to all the home.
It estimated over 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineer to build beautiful bridges, buildings or homes.
LED made it accessible.
LED simply adopted the concrete block, the favorite in the world, and it turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to announce -- the new building block.
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of aesthetic brick world about others to a world where everything was interactive.
Like the concrete block -- the transistor allows us to create much bigger and more complex circuits -- a brick at a time.
But there's a main difference, the transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that the building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of taking the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing licenses.
Let me show you how they work.
Lithmanizer are electronic modules each with a specific function.
They're preparing to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best thing about everything is that they get together through magnets together.
So you can't put it wrong.
The buildings have a code of colors.
The green is the room, the blue is the correct, the pink is the input and the orange color is the wire.
So only you have to assemble a blue with a green and very quickly you can start to make bigger circuits.
A blue with one green is producing light.
We can put a button in the middle, and we have a regulation.
If we change the button by a pulse, which is here, and now we have an inner light.
We added this time to create more impact and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game, literatures are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program and connect and sold, literatures allow us to program using very simple intuitive.
To make it flat faster or slower. Just turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind licenses is it's a growing collection.
We want all interactions in the world to be reduced to use them to use.
Lights, sounds, solar panels, motors, everything must be accessible.
We've given the children to see them play with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best thing is how you start to understand electronics of every day that you don't learn in schools.
For example, how a night light works, or why the door of an elevator keeps open, or how an iPod responds to the touch.
We've also led to the design schools.
So for example, designers without any experience in electronics start playing with literatures like a material.
Here you can see, with paper bottles and looks at it, we have George creation?
(Audience Island, a few weeks ago we took literatures to Rhode Island design designers who have no experience in engineering, just in cardboard, wood and paper, and we said, Make something.
Here's an example of a project that you've done -- a conflict condom condition.
But wait, here comes my favorite project.
It's a long made of player that is afraid of darkness.
For these not engineers, literatures became another material, the electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be at the peak of all.
And so, literatures have open source.
You can visit the website, download all the design files and manufacture them.
We want to encourage a world of creators and inventors and collaborators because this world where we live, this interaction world, is ours.
So go ahead and invent it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company seeks to engage with the environment.
It's the distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm. Wait for a moment.
You can have a little bit of a care in charge.
We can continue better to leave the video on one side.
No.
This is not.
All right.
Solar technology is it?
Oh, I was already terms of time?
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that is supposed to stop, we asked them to work in the government.
The initiative was called "And Forever Force and would be like some Building Buildings for technology.
We select some members every year and we put them to work with the music.
Instead of sending them to the Third World we send them to the wild world.
They made great apps, they worked with the municipal employees.
Their task is to show the possibilities of the current technology.
Meet A.
It's a cartoon from the city of Boston.
So here it appears as if you look for a quote, but what I really look for is somebody clean it when it comes through the snow because it knows it's not very good at throwing fire when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did it get to ask to help this way so single?
Last year in Boston, we had a team of members of "And Forever for America.
They were there in February, and at that time I was born a lot last year.
They realized that the city never cleans these hypothesis.
But one of the members of the members called Erik Michael noticed something else, that citizens cleaned up with sticks the sidewalks right in front of them.
So he did as any good programmer, he developed an app.
It's a nice application where a hydrant can be adopted in.
You accept clean when you snow.
In doing so, you put a name, in this case you put it.
If you don't do it, somebody can robotics.
I mean, it has a players' component.
It's a modest application.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 programs last year.
But it does something that no other government technology does.
And it spreads a viral way.
A responsible response from the city of Honor when you see this app realized that I could use it, not for the snow, but for citizens to add sharks of tax.
It's very important to work these sharks of tsunami, but people are stealing the batteries.
So I asked citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to make citizens get the cards off.
And Chicago just launched to make people record to clean sidewalks when he snow.
So now we know nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has been spreading without friendships, organic and nature.
If you know a little bit of government technology you know this doesn't normally happen.
Social acquisition usually takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston, we had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children.
And then they told us that I had done about normal channels would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's nothing.
Now there's a project in the court of California that eventually has cost 2,000 million dollars, and it doesn't work.
And there are projects like this in every level of government.
So an app that is programmed in a couple of days and spread in a viral form is a kind of warning to the institution of government.
It suggests the best way to work, not like private companies, as a lot of people think it should be.
Not as a technological company, but rather like the Internet.
That is, without restrictions in the open and generative form.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents a way to address the question of government that has the new generation, not as a problem of an advantage institution but as a collective action problem.
And that's really good because it turns out that we're very good for the collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools for us to work together with efficacy.
And it's not only "August for America but there are hundreds of people across the country who contribute with civic applications every day in their own communities.
They haven't been given to the government.
They feel a great frustration of that, but they don't complain about, they fix it.
And these people know something we lost from view.
And that is that if we leave the feelings of politics, the row at DVD -- and all of those other things that get us crazy -- the government is essentially in the words of Tim Oregon, what we do together because we can only can't.
Now, many people have abandoned the government.
If you are one of those people, I'll ask you to rebuild it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change, the government itself.
And because the government at last instant is from us, remember that "We do the power." The way to think about affect the way we produce change.
I didn't know a lot of government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought the government was in choosing people to take charge people.
Well, after two years I have come to the conclusion that government is mostly about paralysis.
This is the center of phone care services and information.
It's the place that the calls are when a 31 percent in America.
Scott taught this call.
I entered "Christmas in the base of official knowledge.
I didn't find anything. It started with animal control.
And finally he said, "Hey, you can open the doors in the house, put a good music and see if it goes away."
And it worked. So it worked.
But that wasn't the end of the parties.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an app and web and cell phone, called Congress Council.
We didn't program that application.
It was the work of very clever people in the Bureau of New Mexico urban Mechanically.
And one day, this really happened to come up with this people, "Japanese in my garbage cloud. I don't know if it's dead.
How do I go to the complete?
The dynamic of Congo Congolese is different.
Scott was talking in person.
In Congress Congolese it's all public, so everybody can see this.
In this case, he saw a neighbor.
The next report said, "I got to the place, found the garbage cube behind the house.
Zarch) Yes. Video: Yes.
I turned the cube. I went home.
Good night, candy paradigm.
Pretty simple.
This is great. It's the confluence of digital and physics.
And it's also a great example of the government income to distributed volunteer collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean the technology definition of platform.
I talk about a platform for people to get together and help others.
So, a citizen helped another, but here the government had a key role.
It connects two people.
And it could have connected with the government services of being needed but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When a neighbor helps another, we will strengthen communities.
If we call animal control, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we need to think about the government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but they think one is the entrance of the other.
That our entry to the government system is the vote.
How many times have have chosen a political leader -- sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader and then expect the government to reflect our values and save our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because the government is like a huge ocean and politics is the surface layer of 15 inches now.
So it's what we call bureaucratic.
And we say that word with a lot of delight.
But it is that transition that keeps us that we have that that we finance as something that operates in our own, that other thing, and in consequence we're losing power.
People believe that politics is sexy.
If we want this institution to work we have to make the bureaucracy sexy.
Because that's where the real government work happens.
We have to collaborate with the machinery of government.
That makes the movement Ocean.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of concerned citizens who have written a very detailed report of 125 pages in response to the Salam of Valley, on the financial reform project.
That's not political activism -- it's bureaucratic activity.
And for those of us who have resigned to the government, it's time we ask ourselves what world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the enormous challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really think we will get where we have to go without solving the institution that can act in behalf of all of us?
We can't press government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to rethink the function of government so that it can expand to force civil society.
There is a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it's not so hard to act unintended by just incorporating systems in the right way.
The average age of our members is 28 years old, so I am a bigger generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who's going to talk about, they're all going to speak.
They can express their opinions in any channel at the same time and they do.
So when you face the problem of the government you don't care a lot to do your voices.
They're using the hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that make the government better.
And those applications allow us to use hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaned up a hypothesis, taking weeds out, dumping a garbage cube that has a party inside.
Of course, we always could have cleaned up those hypotheses and many people do it.
But these applications are as digital reminder that we're not just consumers -- we're not only consumers of government who pay taxes, and we get services.
We're more than that, we are citizens.
And we're not going to fix the government until we don't fix the citizen.
So I want to ask you all the present, when it comes to the important things we need to do together, all together, will we be a voice crowd, or will we be a hands of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and on the death row.
I've spent most of my life in community communities and projects and places where there is a lot of despair.
And being here at TED watching and hearing these stimulus has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time is that TED has identity.
And the things that are said here are impact around the world.
In occasions, if something comes from TED, it makes a sense and a force that would not have otherwise.
I say this because I think identity is really important.
Here we have seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if they teach them, they can have a special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, it is if it's charity, it can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't really learn this on the right practice, my job.
I learned it from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional home of an African-American family, dominated by a matrix, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, it had power.
It was the last word in all discussions in the family.
She started a lot of the choices in our home.
It was a daughter who had been slaves.
His parents were born in slavery in Virginia about 1850.
She was born about 1880 and his experience with slavery as he saw the world.
She was long, but it was also loving as well.
When I was little, and I looked at it, she came up and gave me a good hug for me.
I was so happy that I could barely breathe, and then I was angry.
One or two hours later, I went back to looking at me, and he came back to me and said, "Do you still feel my open."
And if I said no, I turned myself back and if I said yes, I would leave myself in peace.
I had this human quality that made you always want to be close to it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the youngest of 10.
In occasion, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and her attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight, nine years old, I woke up one morning, I went to the room, and there were all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me there.
At first, I thought it was a game.
And so I looked at her and smiled, but she was very serious.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she stood up, he took the room, he took my hand out of his hand, and he said, "Come Brazil. The two are going to convince you."
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
And he took me out and he said, "God, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anyone.
I said, "Okay, Maya."
She said, "Now assume you wouldn't do it." I said, "Sure."
Then he sat down, he looked at me, and he said, "I want you to know I've been looking at you."
And he says, "I think you're special.
He said, "I think you can do what you want.
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I want you to promise three things: Brads."
I said, "Well, Mars."
And he said, "The first thing I want you to promise is you always want your mother."
Alpha, "She is my sheet, and you have to promise you all the care?
As I love my mom, I said, "Yeah, Mom, so I'll do it."
Then he said, "The second I want you to promise is that you will always do the right thing even though the right thing is hard to be difficult?
And I thought about it, and I said, "Yeah, Mom, I'll do it."
Then finally he said, "The third thing I want you to promise is that I never drink alcohol.
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yeah, Mom, so I'll do it."
I grew up in the field, in the rural South, I have a brother a single year older and a sister a younger year.
When I was 14 to 15 -- one day my brother came home with a six beers passenger, I don't know where I put them, grabbed my sister and me and we went to the forest.
We just come up with the local locks.
He took a beer service, offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me to me.
I said, "No, no, no. All right, you know, but I'm not going to take beer.
My brother said, "Come on. Today we do, and you always do the same thing as us.
And I already took something, your sister too.
I said, "No, I won't feel good, you can follow.
Then my brother looked at me.
And he said, "What happens to you? Take a beer?
I kind of kept looking at it with strength and going, "Oh, not that you're still thinking about the conversation with Mada.
I said, "But what are you talking about?"
He said, "Mom, you tell all the grandchildren that are special to you.
I was delivered.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that probably shouldn't say.
I know this will be widely spread out.
But I am 52 years old, and I can admit I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't say this is a virtual viruse. I say it for the power of identity.
When we create the right type of identity, we say things to others who don't really see any sense.
We can't get them to do things that they don't think can do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all of their grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been prisoners during the ban proportion.
My aunt died of diseases related to alcohol.
And these were the things that, according to it, we had to commit them.
Now, trying to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is now very different than it was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
Today there are 2.3 million.
In America we have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in conservative freedom.
And this massive incarceration in my opinion, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor communities or black communities, it finds so much desire, so despair, determined by these facts.
One in three black black ones between 18 and 30 years is in prison or in consistent freedom.
In urban communities across the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore Washington, from 50 to 60 to 60 percent of all the color young people are in prison or in parole.
Our system is not just distorted in front of the race, it's also about poverty.
In this country, we have a judicial system that makes you much better if you're rich and guilty than if you're poor and innocent.
It's not authority, but it is wealth that drives the results.
And it seems that we feel very trust.
The politics of fear and anger makes us believe that these are not our problems.
We are disappeared.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work some very curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as other states, you stand out of rights as well as you have a criminal conviction.
Right now in Alabama, 30 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to the vote.
And if we project it over the next 10 years, the level of law rights will be as elevated as it was before the law is passed into the vote.
We have this awesome silence.
I represent children.
A lot of my clients are very young.
America is the only country in the world where it was sentenced to 13 years to die in prison.
We have in this prison country for children, no possibility of going out ever.
We are now in the process of some literals.
The only country in the world.
It represents people in the death row.
This issue of death penalty is interesting.
In some sense, have you been told to think that the final question is, people deserve to die by common crimes?
A very sensitive question.
But you can think of another way about how we are in our identity.
There's another way of looking at it, it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for the complex crimes, but if we deserve killing.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in America is defined by mistake.
In every nine people running out of each other, one that is innocent that it's exciting and liberated from the death row.
A stream of error -- amazing, an innocent of every nine.
This is interesting.
In aviation it would never be allowed to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be a little bit of an analysis, you would have to stabilize it.
But somehow we get rid of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our fight.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of whether we deserve killing.
It's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history, I talk about slavery.
I talk to you about terrorism, the time I started at the end of the rebuilding and it lasted to World War II.
We don't really know a lot about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a time defined by terror.
In many communities, people were afraid to be linked.
They worry about being a bombs.
The threat of the terror was what he defined his lives.
Now there are older people who come up to me and say, "Mr. Stevenson, you say talks -- talks about it: Tell me to the people who stop saying that in our history we have for the first time with terrorism after 112.
They ask me to say, "No, say we grow with that."
The era of the terror, of course, with segregation and decades of racial and separation.
In this country, we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we've historically done.
All the time we collide with each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs us work to talk about race. I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that they couldn't overcome racial segregated without a commitment to truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this commitment, but in this country, we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving lectures about death penalty conferences.
It was fascinating, because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said, "You know it's good about listening to what you say."
Alpha, we don't have death penalty in Germany.
We will never be able to have it here.
The room was left in silence and a lady said, "There is no way that with our history, we can never get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intentional and deliberately we were able to run people.
Think about this.
How do we feel in a world where a nation like Germany will run to people, especially if they were mostly rolled?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irregular.
And yet, there is this disappear.
I think our identity is in danger.
If we don't really worry about these very difficult issues, the positive and wonderful things are, yet it involves it.
We love innovation.
It fascinated us technology, we adore creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately, those realities are driven by suffering, abuse, degradation.
In my opinion, we need to integrate both things.
We often talk about the need to have more hope, greater engagement -- more dedication with the basic challenges of this complex world.
I think that means spending more time thinking about and talking about the poor, the faces, which will never get to TED.
Think about them is, in some ways, something that is within our being.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
So we are, despite being so rational, so engaged with the intellectual.
With creativity, development comes not only the brain ideas.
These things come from ideas food also by the conventions of the heart.
This connection of the mind with heart is what drives us to look at not only the brilliant, desperate, but also in the dark and the hard.
Valley Had, the great young leader, talked about this.
He said, "When we were in Eastern Europe suffering the oppression -- we wanted all kinds of things, but mostly what we needed was hope, orientation for spirit, a willingness to be on sites of despair and to be testimony."
Well, that orientation for the spirit is pretty much in the heart of what I think, that even in communities like TED, should be contracted.
There is no disconnect related to technology and design, that allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, except to inequality, to inequality.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's go back to me.
I had the big privilege being a very young lawyer of meeting Rosa Park.
These women got together just to talk.
Occasionally, lady Carl called me to say, "Bad, you get the lady Park. We're going to take you to talk to you.
Do you want to come and have it?
I said, "I'm lady. I do want?
So she said, "Well, and what do you do when you come from?
I said, "Well.
So I went and I just heard them.
It was very violent, very nuclear.
And in one occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies and after a couple of hours, Ms. Park went to me and said, "Now, Brazil, you know that it's that idea of equal justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do?
And I started to give my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We're trying to help those who have been contained by unemployed.
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in the administration of criminal justice.
We try to end up with the sentences of life, without parole.
We try to do something about the death penalty thing.
We try to reduce the population in prisons.
We try to end up with the massive accidents?
I gave it all my best speech and I finished looking at me and he said, "My Michael Michael Might?
And he said, "Stay angle, very angry."
At that time, Ms. Carl included me in the face and said, "That's why you have to be very very value?
I think the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We need to find a way to deal with those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because eventually humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I have come to understand and believe that each of us is higher than the worst we have done.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong, it's not a barrel.
Even if someone kills another, it's not a murderer for it.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who must be respected by the law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not the wealth.
So it's not.
I really think that in many parts the opposite of poverty is justice.
And finally, I think even though it's very dramatic. Very beautiful, very unlikely, very stimulating, are not judging us for our technology, for our design, not by our intellectual or rational capacity.
At the end of a society, the character of a society, not the way they treat rich and powerful and privilege, but the way they treat the poor, the convensions, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand truly profound issues about what we are.
Sometimes I feel reliable. I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I do too much force sometimes.
I get tired, like all.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasons in an important way.
I've been representing these kids who have been sold with a lot of director.
I go to jail and I see my customers from 13 and 14 years old, which have been trained so that they are judged as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn someone into what isn't it?
The judge would hurt it as an adult, but I see a child.
One night too late was thinking, by God, if the judge can turn you into something you are, you must have magic powers.
Yes, Brazil, the judge has magic powers.
You should ask some of that.
As it was too late, I couldn't think properly, but I started working on a model.
I had a 14 year-old client -- a little poor, black, black.
I started working on the model, with a collection who said, "Mission so that my 14-year-old black client is treated as a private white of 75 years, executive from a corporation."
In the model, I put that there had been endless behavior in the accenture, in the behavior of police and in the process.
There was a line on this country about how in this country there is no ethics but a whole lack of ethics.
The next morning, I woke up thinking that massive mother would be a dream.
For my horror, not only had it reduced it, but I had sent it to the court.
About two months, I had forgotten it.
And I finally decided, oh my God, I have to go to the court for this stupid case.
I got up to the car, and I was truly authoritarian, overwhelmed.
I was in the car to court.
I thought this would be very difficult and fellow.
I finally got out of the car. I walked down to court.
I was climbing the stairs when I met a bigger black man -- was the conference of the judge.
When I saw me, he came up to me and said, "Who is you?"
I said, "I'm a lawyer, he said, "It's your lawyer? I said yes.
So I was approaching and opened.
And I whispered in the ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was viruse.
That connects deeply with my interior, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to community with a vision of hope.
Well, I walked into the audience room.
When I walked in, the judge saw me.
And he said, "Mr. Stevenson, you wrote this punch move?
I said, "Be Mr. Mr. I said, and we started discussing it.
People started coming in. They were all infected.
I was the one that I had written those madness.
They came up with the police assistants -- the artists -- the arms.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people. All of us forest because we talked about race, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the head of the eye, he reaches to see how he was going and seeing.
He looked down the window and he would hear all that shock.
I kept walking up here and for there.
Finally, this old black, with a concern, entered the room and sat behind me, almost at the table.
About 10 minutes later, the judge disappears a recycle.
During the disappointment of the algorithm he showed it obsessed because the building had entered the room.
The assistant is about the old black.
And he said, "Well, what do you do in the audience room?
And the old black stood up, looked at the assistant, looked at me and said, "I've got this audience room to tell this young man who keeps his view on the goal with single?
I have come today to TED because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very large, but it folds into justice.
That we can't be truly human evolved if we don't care about human rights and for dignity.
That our survival is tied to each other.
That our views of technology, design and entertainment and creativity must light up to the fragments and compassion and justice.
And above all of those of you who share this, I just want to tell you that they will keep the view on the goal with a show.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an obvious desire from the audience, of this community, to help in your purposes of doing something.
Something that's not a chain. What can we do?
BR: There are several opportunities close there.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be this spring, in which you will do an effort to reimagine the funds that spend today in punishment policies.
For example, here in California, you're going to spend a billion dollars in the death penalty in the next five years, a billion dollars.
And despite this, 46 percent of the homicide cases don't conceive in arrested.
Fifty percent of the rapes don't get to anything.
Here's a chance of change.
This is going to propose that these funds are destroyed to make the law, to security.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge decline in crime in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation is said that it has to do with the largest incarceration rate.
What would you say to those who think that is?
BR: In fact, crime rate has remained relatively stable.
The great growth in mass incarceration in this country is not by crimes with violence.
It's by the wrong war against drugs.
That's why it comes up with this dramatic increase in the cartoonist population.
And we let us convince the rhetoric of the punishment.
We have three legal causes to bring people into perpetual chain, for stealing a bicycle, by small crimes against property instead of making those resources defend those resources to their victims.
I think we need to do more to help the victims of crime and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy about punishment does nothing for anyone.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Broadce, you've been excited to survive today.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
Announcer: They grow the threats by Bin Laden's death.
Local 2: Harma in Somalia, Locker 3: The police is throwing O.C.
Local 4: Arabian Arabias. Announcer:
Local 6: Social DNA, Local 4: 65 dead.
Announcer: Local 8,000. Letters 9: Circles.
Several lockers. War to the cartoonist -- mass destruction. Tuna.
Reception, Bangladesh Justine end, Egypt, Syria.
crisis. Death. Designer.
Oh, my God.
Peter Diamerems: These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months, and they could also be the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that the press media wants to provide negative news because our minds pay them attention.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second of every day our senses receive much more data than probably the brain can process.
And as nothing matter to us more than survive, the first stop of all those data is an ancient fragment of the temporal lobe called a shock.
The amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
He ordered and recorded all the information looking for something in the environment that he could make us harm.
So from a dozen stories, we would rather look at the negative.
That old report from the press press, "If there's blood, sell -- it's very true.
And since all digital devices give us negative news seven days of the week, 24 hours a day, it's not surprising that we're pessimistic.
It's not surprising that people think that the world goes from bad online.
But maybe it's not.
Maybe what happens is that we get districts.
Perhaps the huge progress done in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating such that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems, climate change, species extinction -- water shortage and energy, without doubt.
As human beings are very good to avoid problems and, in the long, we end up with them.
So we analyzed the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, life average has been more than doubled, average per capita income per inflation has tripled.
Child mortality has been reduced 10 times.
Also, the cost of food, from electricity, transportation and communications, has fallen 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinker showed us that we're living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kenya that global literacy went from 25 percent in the last 130 years.
We're really living a little bit extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we continue to do more and higher expectations.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today in America, a lot of people living under the poverty line have electricity, water, toilets, reports, television, mobile phones, air conditioning, cars.
The breaks of the catalog of the past century, the planets on the planet, would never have dreamed of luxury.
supporting a lot of this is technology and lately its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that shows in information technology in this curve, Moore's Law, and doubled the price performance in about 12 to 24 months.
And so the mobile phone that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer in the '70s.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First of all, the soft thing that is, in good and bad time, in war and peace, in recession -- in resource and action.
It's a result of fast computers used to build faster.
You don't stop any of the big challenges.
And although it's grown on a law on the left, it curve goes up.
The growth rate of technology is increasingly faster.
And in this curve, by the horizontal of Moore's Law, there is a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today.
The computer in the cloud, that my friends of Anthony call infinite computation, sensors and networks -- 3D printing and their ability to democratize and distributed production across the planet, synthetic biology, fuel, vaccines and food, digital medicine, Nanopatch and A.I.
I mean, how many saw the victory at the Walleries of Washington from IBM?
It was still.
I looked at the newspapers the best headline that I had.
And I loved this one: "The Venezuela beat opera opera?
"Jeopardy" is not an easy game.
I play with the killing of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone in the phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Singularity University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can use to solve the big challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to release a company, or a product or service, that can affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the life of a billion people.
Thirty years ago, that would have sounded absurd.
Today we can point out a decade of companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean creating fancy life for every single thing, it's about creating a life of it.
It's about taking that that is scarce, and it's going to be abundant.
You see, the scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
Let me give you an example.
It's a story about North II in the middle of the 1800.
He's the guy on the left.
He invited the king of Sell.
The Christmas troops ate with silver covered, and the same Narco, with gold shell.
But the king of Silk, I ate with aluminum shell.
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet, it was worth more than gold and platform.
So that's why the tip of the Monterey to Washington is aluminum of aluminum.
You see, although aluminum is eight percent of the Earth's mass of Earth, it doesn't come as pure metal.
It's mad for oxygen and silences.
But then the electronics came and made the aluminum something so cheap that we used it as if it was disappointed.
We project this analogy towards the future.
So let's think about the energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet that's 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They come to the Earth 16 terabytes of energy every 88 minutes.
It's not about scarcity, but of access.
And there are good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the generation of general, 88 rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of the United States, solar electricity will cost six cents the budget per hour compared to the 15 cents of national average.
And if we have an abundance of energy, we also have abundance of water.
Let's talk about the wars of water.
Remember when Carl Sagan spots the Voyager Space spacecraft, 1990, in 1990, after Saturn.
I took a famous picture. How did you call it?
"A pleasure player point."
Because we live on a planet of water.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent water.
Yes, 98 percent is saltwater, two percent is ice, and we fought by the 3,000 of the water on the planet, but there is also a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
Nature, the nanotubes.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the inequality innovators of the ground -- I'd like to share with you, it gave me permission to do it, his technology called Science -- you know, it's the size of a small refrigerator.
It's capable of generating a thousand gallons of drinking water on the day of any solar source -- sales water, contaminated water, for less than two cents the gallon.
The president of Coke just agreed to make a major test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes out well, and I have confidence that you will be, Coke is going to implement it in the world in 2006 countries on the planet.
This is a powerful innovation for this technology that we have today.
And we've seen it in mobile phones.
Oh my God, we're going to get to 70 percent penetration of mobile phones in the developing world by the end of 2013.
Think that mass warrior has better mobile communications in Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And, of course, with a smart cell phone, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
I live in a world of information and communication information that nobody could have ever predicted before.
But better than that, the things that you and I have paid tens of tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars --  video H, images, books of books and music, medical diagnostic technology, now it's specifically, and they lose market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best thing comes when the health applications arise.
Last month, I had the pleasure pleasure with the Quantum Foundation, something called the X Quantum Quantum Quantum Princes, 10 million dollars.
We are challenging the teams in the world to combine these technologies in a mobile device with which they talk about, and because it has IA: You can touch it, you can get blood out of the finger.
To win it has to make better diagnosis.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where the morality charge is 25 percent, and there are 1.3 percent health workers.
When this device sequence a virus of RNA or DNA that didn't recognize the health care and in the first place, avoiding that the pandemic happens.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of abundance.
I call it the one billion increasing.
The white lines here are the population.
We just had the sea of seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to force the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, it'll go from two billion to five billion Internet users.
Three billion minds have never heard of the global conversation.
What would these people want?
What do you do? What do you want to do?
And instead of an economic collapse we will have the largest economic injection in history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars injected in the global economy.
And getting healthier health thanks to the Trafficking, a better education with the Khan Academy and because of the use of 3D printing and computing in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can you give us three billion more members of humanity, educated and productive health.
How about a few voices before observations?
What if we give them the opposite, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and can act for the first time?
So what would these 3 billion do?
What if you're contributions that we can't predict in?
One thing I learned with the X Prize is that small equipment, guided by their passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things, things that could only make great corporations and governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There is a program that perhaps some already know.
It's called Rosettal.
It came at Washington University in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino amino acids and figure out how the protein will spread.
The folds determines structure and function.
It's very important about medical research.
And so far, it was a productivity problem.
They've played with this college professors, among others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people went up and started to play it.
And it's shown that today the machinery of human patterns is better to bring protein than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge trust in the future is that we today have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the growth innovation.
We have the capital capital capital.
And we have three billion new minds that are used to work in the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a few extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
It's the conversion of the game point.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, I'll give you three examples to make time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1877.
Maybe they believed that they were penguins, but it wasn't like that.
They actually collect fish.
And he described one of them as very "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "sound."
It was the groupers of it.
It took it very much to the 1880s.
Now the fish is in the Red Line of Penis.
But we've heard this story many times, about Galapagos and other places, so that doesn't have any special things.
But the case is we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're protected.
The brochures still say they follow intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept, the commandment of the waist.
Because I was there in 1971 studying a laptop in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could integrate it.
I burned a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first exposure to the sun.
The laptop was surrounded by patterns, and, as you can see, from a few mangrove mangroves.
There were telescopes from about 20 centimeters -- the black bar.
And the fishing of this fabric was very abundant and passed for a good time, so they won more than the middle in Ghana.
When I went there 27 years later, the amount of fish had declined in half.
They moved to the five centimeters at five.
They experience a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And fish were still happy to be there.
I mean, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was involved in the introduction of dragged fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s. In the early 1960, Europe did a lot of development projects.
Fish development was able to impose countries that already had 100,000 fishermen -- imposing industrial fishing.
And this boat, quite ugly boat, is called the Muslim 4.
I went out to fish on it, and we did studies in the South China Sea and especially in the Java Sea.
What we captured was something that was installed.
We know, we know, the bottom of the sea.
Ninety percent of what we captured were sponsor, other animals that are at the bottom.
And most fish are tiny spots on the rest of a few remains -- remains that are fish reef fish.
In short, the bottom of the sea came to the cover and then was arrested.
These images are extraordinary, because the transition is very quick.
In a year, you make a study and then start the commercial fishing.
The bottom goes from being a solid coral fund -- in this case, to be a lobe.
This is a dead turtles.
They didn't eat them. They were disappeared because they were dead.
We once captured a living.
I was still not drowned yet.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of rest is what the fishermen collect every time they go to an area where they have never fish.
But it doesn't have documented yet.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We adjust the part of the game, and the new level, no remembering what was there.
If we generalize this something like this.
On the axis, and we have good things, biodiversity, amount of gold, the course of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Every generation will use the images that they get in the beginning of their conscious life as the normal and the extraction forward.
The difference is that they perceive loss.
They don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the sound of change.
And at the end of it will keep a little bit of a few restraints.
And that, in great measure, is we want to do it now.
We want to keep things that no longer are, or not what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when predatory societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to some generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal that is very abundant -- before they extinct, it's very small.
You don't lose abundant animals.
You lose little animals.
Even if this doesn't perceive as a big loss.
Over time, we focus on big animals, and in a synonymous sea of big fish.
They become very fast because we fish.
Over time there are few fish, but we think that's the point of party.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, many people, scientists, questioning that it was very different.
And they will do it because evidence presented in a previous way is not the way they expect the evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some of you, like that I was able to see a lot of fish in this area can't use or generally not use the science scientists, because it's not "security?
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, although we live in installed societies, because they don't trust the sources of the past.
So the huge role that you can fulfill a protected marine zone.
Because with protected marine areas, we actually remember the past.
We remember the past that people can't conceive because the point of the game has run up and it's extremely low.
That's for the people that you can see a protected marine area and they can benefit from the vision that provides them, which allows them to erase their part of the game.
And what about the people who can't do it because they don't have access like the Middle East, for example?
I think there are arts and cinema may fill the vacuum. The simulation.
This is a simulation from the Bayer Bay.
A long time ago, there were gray whales in the Charles Bay 500 years ago.
And you have noticed that the killing and the tourists are like "Aberascence."
And if you think about "what if you think about why people get confused with the movie -- I would talk about the story of Portuguese, why do they match the images?
Because it involves something that, in a sense, has lost it.
So my recommendation, the only one I will give, is to Cameron, to do "Abed II, under the water.
Thank you very much.
Hi. I'm Kevin Alice, the General trends manager and I look at YouTube videos in professional form.
It's true.
So today we're going to see why videos are being made and what important it is.
We all want to be stars, celebrities, singers, districts -- when I was younger, that seemed very, very hard.
But today the web video makes any of us, or of our actions, copper in a part of our global culture.
Anyone can be famous on the Internet in a sandwich.
It goes up over 48 hours of YouTube to YouTube per minute.
And, of those, just a little percentage of them is a little bit viral -- it gets infinite to visit and wins cultural monsoon.
How does that happen?
Three things: Creative trends and participation communities and surprise.
Well, let's start with.
Brad Valley," Oh my God, my God.
Oh my God!
Wow.
Olympics, glamour.
KA: Last year, Brad Vargen published this video shot outside his house in the National Park.
In 2010, it was 23 million times.
This graph shows the reproductions in the popular rise of the past summer.
Brown is not ready to make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a doom of double.
That's what you do if it's called Mountain Mountain Berge.
I had already published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kimmy.
Jimmy Kimmy published this piece that was catching the video to popular.
Treatment creators like Jimmy Kimmy presents us and interesting things and spread them into a wider audience.
Rebecca Black:  It's Friday, you see, you have to start the Friday.   Everybody wants it to come the end of the week -- the weekend.   You see, like Friday.  KA: You wouldn't think we could have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
"We are from Rebecca Blue is one of the most popular videos of the year.
You saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency of use.
Like "The double driver" -- this video seemed to have come out of nothing.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask those other peaks -- are also Friday, too.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday day?
Well, I took it Tom, and a lot of blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson, from Microsoft Science Talk, was one of the first people to make a joke about the video on Twitter.
But the important thing is that a person or a group of trends will adopt a point of view and share it with a wider audience, accelerating the process.
So, this community of people who share this big internal joke then starts talking about it and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 bucks from "The YouTube in YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each other day.
Unlike university entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is our way to be part of the phenomenon -- by analyzing the phenomenon -- or doing something new with that.
"The Cameron is a representative animation with a music accelerated.
So that's it.
This year you saw it about 50 million times.
And if you think that's rare, you know that there is a three hours that has been seen four million times.
Even the cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats watching the video.
But the important thing here is the creativity of the Internet technology community.
There were reminders.
Somebody made a version of the old one.
And then it became interesting.
All of a sudden, a whole community of restriction that made this happen from being a silly joke to something that we all can form part.
Because today we don't just enjoy it, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted "The double back or Republican Republican or "The California California."
What the script could you have written that would be able to continue this situation?
In a world where you go up two days of video per minute, just that really unique and unexpected thing can be unleashed so that these things have done it.
When a friend told me I had to look at this great video of a guy who would protest against the blocks in New York, I admit that I didn't care too much.
Casey Night: I was moved by not circulating by the bicycle, but often there are obstacles that are involved by circulating by the bike.
KA: Thank you the surprising effects and his humor, Casey Nigeria got five million watched and understood his idea.
So this approach is worth all that we do in a creative way.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Brad Valley: What does this mean?
Oh Oh.
KA: What does this mean?
Treatment creators -- creative communities of participation -- totally unexpected, are features of a new type of media -- of a new culture, that we all have access and it's the audience that defines the population.
As I said before, one of the current celebrities of the world, Justin Biose, started in YouTube.
They didn't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little bit of masters of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media, they are barely the current media, but define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a story.
It's a puzzle that is still gone.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece, a man burning the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a dragon, a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique unit of unit and freedom of his country.
So imagine while the communities come into Salak, they will take advantage of the fact that their life had been totally in green.
The words, for so long friends, now they will be flattening.
It fits in silence.
He died for the story.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let that have been in green, and my lesson was to learn that the story was trying to apply them, but we would know.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat in the shot of silence delivered by the sea.
My mother, Maurity, was just 18 years old when her father died, and a manager and two small girls.
For her, life had destined to a task, the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was unexpected for her that I couldn't do it.
And then of a four-year sale that defies the fiction, a boat goes into the distributed sea of fishing boat.
All adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was permanents, rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother was wearing a jar with poison.
If we caught us, first we would take my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant rhythm of the engine, the gap will turn into every wave, and the vast and empty horizon.
I don't remember the pirates who came several times, but they were hooked up with the vessel of men in our boat, or the engine died and couldn't be able to go for six hours.
But I do remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, and I had the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I tried, given for the men in the platform.
No apple had the same taste.
After three months in a refugee camp, we would release in Mexico.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations to shape a new life together.
We set up in Foot, a surprised class supermarkets, whose population is composed of immigrants there.
Unlike the middle class suburbs whose existence I discovered in Facebook, there was no sense of the right.
The smells that come from the stores were the rest of the world.
And the fragments of English entrepreneurs were expressed between the people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked in farms, then on a car assembly line, working six days, double turn.
Yet, I found time to study English and get a title in IT TV.
We were poor.
All the dollars were assigned and established an extra tutor in English and mathematics, no matter what it was supposed to be, which was usually new clothes, always was a second hand.
Two pairs of media for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the gores, because I had to last six years.
And there were some weird and painful songs about the short ships, and some gravity, "The "What go home.
At home, where?
Something in me is energy.
I was accumulating and a voice that said, "I'm going to fix it."
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was running every night, but we told us about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother's movements.
My mother suffered members, all of the ship.
And my task was to be wake up until his nightmares started to be able to wake up.
She opened a computer store, then she studied to be statistical and opened another business.
And women were coming with their stories about men who couldn't do the transition and angry, and inflations that were caught between two worlds.
And they looked for subsidies and people.
They created centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic Asian student, I implanted with what I demand about myself.
In the other, I was embedded in precipical lives, tragic trained by violence, drugs and isolation.
But many people received aid over the years.
And for that work, when I studied my last year of lawyer, I was elected by the Australian young year.
And I was catalogued from a piece of the puzzle to the other, but their edges didn't fit.
And so Lego, anonymous Angeles -- was now so Los, refugee and social activist invited to speak in sites that I had never heard of, and in houses whose existence she had never imagined.
I didn't know the protocells.
I didn't know how to use the coverage.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to go back to the regimes and the comfort of life in an ironic suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters ended up the day as they did for almost 20 years, telling them about the day of each and running asleep, three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom who couldn't do it.
I was reminded that I had now the same age that she had when we got into the boat.
The "No, I had never been a choice.
"The "come said, "I don't know what not you."
So I talked about juvenile department and education and desperation to the marginalized and the despairs.
And the more frankly I knew, the more it was request to talk.
I met people from all walks of life, many of them doing what they love, living in the boundary of possible.
And although I finished my light, I realized I couldn't stay in a application race.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be a stranger -- a newly arrived, new on the scene -- and not only is it right, but it's something that will be grateful, maybe a ship of the boat.
Because it's going to be able to easily mean collapsed the horizon, it can easily mean accepting the assumptions of your provide.
I gave the enough steps out of my comfort zone to know that, yes, that the world is disappointed, but not the way we fear.
Possibilities that would not have been allowed to be a lot of fun.
There was an energy there, an impossible optimism mixture of humility and value.
So I kept my intuition.
I joined a little group of people for whom the slogan can't be done, was an irresistible challenge.
For a year we didn't have a penny for a year.
At the end of every day, I made a giant wave of soup that we all share.
We worked until the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy -- but some brilliant, and we opened up.
I made the decision to move to the U.S.
It's just one journey.
My heads again.
Three months later, I had moved to me, and the adventure.
Before I finish, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up at a time where the Constitution was social norm and the local Mandela was the person who matters.
Life wasn't changed by centuries.
Her father died shortly after she was born.
The mother was raised alone.
At the age of 17, it became a contract of a Mandela whose mother was beating it.
No support of her husband, he causes a decline to demand and take the cause herself itself, and much more reduction caused when he win.
He can't be able to be wrong.
I was in the shower in the room of a hotel in Sydney when she died, to 1,000 miles, in Mexican.
I looked through the shot of the shower and I saw it standing on the other side.
I knew I had come to go.
My mother called minutes later.
Day later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Florida, and we sat around his condition.
We told stories and we make sure we were still with it.
At night a monkey came up and told us I had to close the attack.
My mother asked us to follow his hand.
I asked the monkey, "Why is her hand hot, and the rest of the body so cold?
"Because you have taken your hand from the morning, he said.
"You haven't collected it."
If there's a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Given who we were and how life made us, now we can see that the men who had come to our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat would have easily accessible.
Now I want to have my own kids, and I wonder about the boat.
Who could I wish that for it?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right.
Can I give you a product in your lives, and you get courageous in every wave, the constant rhythm of the engine, the vast horizon that will not guarantee nothing?
I don't know.
But if I could give you and look at it out, I would do it.
Transport News, and also the mother of so much is here today, in the fourth or fifth row.
My story starts in Rosestanness about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with the singing Sunday Allies.
We were talking about how nothing has changed since the age of ancient Indian education, "The Macarism?
In those days when Indians wanted to travel to a car and we cut the sky.
We do it with airplanes.
At that time when I went on, the great Indian warrior prince -- he had sea, he had a bow.
We now do the same with talents and machines.
The conclusion we came out was that machinery had replaced magic.
And that was a lot of me.
Every time I felt a little bit more of a technique.
I was terrified of this idea of losing the ability to enjoy the ability to enjoy the ability to enjoy a warning if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't tweet my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic to allow not to kill it.
As a girl, my grandfather gave me his pocket plate clock.
And this technological piece of 50 years was for me the most magical thing.
He became a dead door to a world full of images, of pieces and nanotechnology in my imagination.
I had the feeling that the mobile phones, the luxury clocks and the cameras prevent that we are.
They face our inspiration.
And so I was honest, I threw into this technology world to see how to use it to create magic, rather than killing it.
Elan books since the 16 years.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a storytelling device able to connect to the readers of the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where are we there.
You bring the text with the image, the animation, sound and touch.
The narrative becomes increasingly multiplied.
But what does that serve us?
I'm about to launch Khan, an interactive application for iPad.
He says, "Take your fingers on every light.
And so   says, "This box is perfected? I write my name.
And so I became a character of the book.
In several times, I get a cartoon -- the iPad knows where I live thanks to GPS -- that comes to me.
My little girl is excited with all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magicians and drugs but to that childhood magic -- those ideas that we open from children.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar were always exciting to me.
So over here, we have to increase the iPad, to release the fireflies.
And, really, lighting your path in what you rest from the book.
Another idea that fascinated me was that a whole galaxy was broken in a boundary.
So here, every book and every world becomes a boundary that I dragged towards this magic device inside the device.
And this opens up a map.
In every fantasy book there has always been maps but have been static maps.
This is a map that grows, mass and guide you for the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book, it also reveals it.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another hugely important aspect for me is to create Indian content and at the same time.
These are the advances.
We've all heard of the hands and the news, but how many people outside India know their Indian counterparts -- the admits?
These poor farmers have been trapped in Indian cameras for millennia, in an old and wet book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child story.
In a story that's treating current issues like environmental crisis.
And talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems of the last 10 years has been that kids have been locked up to their ACS, they haven't gone into the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can take our kids into the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions in the book is this adventure where you have to go out on the outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images from different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections of strands, stones, rock and contacts.
For some reason kids don't do it.
So to recover this childhood ritual you have to go out, and in a chapter, take a photo to a flower and then label it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it.
So you create a digital collection of pictures that you then can put on the Web.
A child in London puts a picture of a hordence and says, "Oh, today I saw a face."
A child in India says, "I saw a monkey."
And you create this kind of social network around a collection of digital pictures that have been taken away.
In the various array of connection between magic and Earth and technology there are many possibilities.
And in the next book, we want to have an interaction where you go out with the iPad and the video on the top, and through augmented reality, you see a group of animals that appear on the inside plants in the house.
At a moment, the screen is filled with leaves.
And you have to make the sound of the wind and make it so you can read the rest of the book.
We go into a world where nature forces will be entertained with technology and magic and technology comes into each other.
We leverage the energy of the sun.
We are approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic and joy and child love that we felt through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why many education projects fail.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at the United Nations was to go to a director of listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she had a little cup of coffee or tea and asked patients, family and knowledge, what happens?
"How can we help you."
And we tend to think, this is one of the biggest problems for what all of us, or maybe not all, but most of the education projects failed -- because we stopped listening.
This is my ball Wikipedia. It's very simple.
It has a little bit of a shot and it shot up.
Every morning I got up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I set up the challenge of getting to 95 kilograms of it.
But it's so simple, that every time I connect me, I send my information to Google Health.
And my doctor of hearing has access to him too. So he can see what my weight problem, not at the same moment that it needs carbon assistance or some urgency of that style but look back at it.
But there's another thing.
As some of you know, I have more than 4,000 followers.
So every morning I connected to my scale Wi-Fi and before I got up to my car, people start talking, Life, today I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure pressure to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people out of their chairs and together develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
In the next week I will be available.
This little bank connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people could be able to be able to take their blood pressure, send them to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, they go back to control control and be captains of their own boat, but we can also help us to care of health care because of the challenges that we face, as the stimulation of the cost of attention, the diversity of demand and other issues.
It will do techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like this, but also by crystallization.
And one of the things we did would like to share with you with a video.
We all have nanotechnology control in cars.
Maybe we even have them in our cell phones.
We know perfectly where the cars are in Masches.
And also where all the gas galleries.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where is the closest R&D to help this patient?
We asked ourselves, but nobody did.
Nobody knew where to get the DNA saved lives right now.
What we did was we do crucial crossing in the Netherlands, countries.
We created a web website, and we asked the audience to see that you see a DNA, please send it up, and where it's open, because sometimes they open up in office hours and others are closed.
And over 10,000 stages were already presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the application for that.
And we made an app for the iPad.
We created an app for Saragora, augmented reality, to find these DNA.
And every time you're in the city of Materatic and someone collapse, you can use your iPhone, and the next weeks use your cellphone from Microsoft to find the nearest DNA, which can save lives.
And from today, I would like to present this one, not just like DNA in which it's the name of the product, but also as Delanies.
And we want to start on the world level.
We are looking at all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find and work and act as a center for crocodile, from the DNA around the world.
Every time they are in vacation and someone collapse, it can be a patient or someone in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us value these DNA.
They could be a message service or a phone services, for example, to see if the DNA that's shown is still in place.
Please help them in this and not only improve health, but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share a picture here.
Or is it "The photograph.
Because, of course, they're photographs that can't take their cameras.
My interest in photography woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years.
He mixed up with my previous passion on the drawing but it was a little bit different because when he used the camera the process was in planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera the process ends when you press the pulsion.
For me, the photograph had more to do with being in the right place, at the right time.
I thought anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would start by pressing the pulse.
Photos like this, a construction in a very correctly transparent.
But it has an unexpected turn.
And, despite that, it keeps a level of realities.
Or pictures like this, dark and colorful, at the time, but with the common goal of keeping the level of reality.
And when I say recognition I say photographs.
Because, of course, it's not something I can capture but I always want it to seem to have been captured somehow as a photograph.
pictures where you will have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to do with capturing an idea than with capturing a moment.
But what's the trick that makes them seem real?
Is the details or the colors.
Is the light?
What does the illusion do?
Sometimes illusion is perspective.
But in the end, it's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive in a two-dimensional surface.
It's actually not about whether it's realistic but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of reality where we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
So here we have three different objects that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a certain way, you can create something that still looks three-dimensional, as if you exist.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So we put the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that that doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process by combining the photographs.
It really is to combine different reality.
And the things that make a picture seem realistic I think are those where we don't even think, the things that surround us in our daily lives.
But when you combine photographs is very important to consider it, because otherwise something looks bad.
So I'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of photographs must have the same perspective.
Second, combined photos must have the same kind of light.
And these two images come up with these requirements, they were taken to the same height and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to do impossible to distinguish the principle and the end of the different images with a perfect joint.
It has to be impossible to see where the image.
This is another example.
You might think this is the image of a landscape, and the bottom is manipulated.
But this image is completely composed by photographs of different places.
And in the personal I think it's easier to create a place to find because you don't need to put in danger the ideas that you have in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea in winter knew that I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the pieces of the puzzle.
For example, the fish was captured in a fishing journey.
Costs are from a different location.
The subjective part was captured in a stone position.
And yes, I even made the house at the top of the island to look more supercomputer.
So to achieve a realistic outcome, I think it takes planning for planning.
You always start with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different pictures.
And here every piece is very well thinking.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures, the result can be very beautiful, and at the same time.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start showing a slide about technology, very boring.
Please if you can put it."
It's a diagram that I took from a folder.
I'm not so interested in showing you the details but the general thing.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of AIMS microscopes versus the power of local areas.
What's interesting about this is that this one, as a lot of others we tend to see, is a kind of a straight line on the logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude, on the performance scale.
I'm going to talk about terms of self-assembly curves.
Here's something weird happens.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please turn the lights.
I would need more intensity because I would write about paper.
Why do we grow technological curves on local scales?
The answer is that if I draw them into a normal curve where we say, these are the years or some time together, and this would be any measure of the technology that I'd like to graph, the diagram would look ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say a lot.
But if you graduate, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a selective curve would be very slowly, we will see a straight line.
But if something like this, you give a qualitative change.
If the transportation technology will move as fast as the microbial past microbes, we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But don't move into that rhythm.
There are no precedent in the history of technological development of a retreating growth that every few years advanced orders of magnitude.
The question I want to ask is, look at these exponential curves -- we see that they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes.
One of two things.
Or it's going to become a typical curve I know like this until something completely different, or maybe I'll do something like that.
That's all that can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think that maybe something like this.
In the way, we will be in the middle of a transition.
In this line, we're in a transition of what used to be the world in a new way.
So what I try to ask, and wonder, what is that new way to adopt the world?
How new are you going to run the world?
The transition seems very, very confusing if we're immersed in it.
I remember as a child, the future happened in 2000 and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future and we see that the future is still the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been found, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel something is happening.
We can feel a transformation.
And we know that it doesn't make much sense to think about 30 or 50 years because it will all be so different than extrapolate what we're doing today doesn't make any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it could be, how could that transition be that we experience.
But to do that, I will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and I.T.
Because I think the only way to understand it is to take distance and look at things in the long term.
The time scale that I would like to do is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we go back about 2.5 billion years when the Earth was a big sterile rock with many chemicals floating around it.
If we look at the way those chemicals are organized, we give us an idea of how things happen.
And I think there are theories to start understanding the origin with RNA -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and it is that, at that time, I had floating a few pounds of oil with all kinds of chemical recipes inside.
Some of those oil droplet contain a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate materials from the outside and so forth.
And they began to divide.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cellular forms.
But those blobs weren't alive, in the current sense, because each of them contained a random recipe of chemicals.
And every time they divide they have an unequal distribution of the chemicals that contain it.
So every poster was a little different.
In fact, the drops that somehow differ being better than the time to incorporate the chemicals, they grow more, including more chemicals and divide more.
They usually lived longer. They were more represented by them.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things became interesting when these drops learned the trick.
In some way we don't understand very well these collections learn to store information.
They learned to take information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemical called DNA.
In other words, they went into this meaningless evolution, a writing system that allowed them to register what they were to replicate what they were to replicate for.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since they evolved about 2.5 billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code.
So here I have 100 white dust microbes that I try to hide the security people in the airport.
But ... I took this code, and the code has the common letters that we used to use on this, and I wrote my personal data in this piece of DNA and amplified it 10 to 22 times.
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card I have a lot of all the present, in fact, for every single person in the world, and it's here.
If it was a strip I would have put it in a virus and would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step?
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy another billion years.
But then another big step happened in which things became very different, and it was that these cells began to exchange and communicate information to form the cells of cells.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So for example, for example, they evolved antibiotic resistance.
Some bacteria found a way to avoid penicillin, and they managed to create their little DNA with other bacteria and now there are many resistant to penicillin because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave rise to communities that, in a way, were together in that, and established a synthesizer.
So they survived or failed together, or whether a community was very successful all individuals in that community became more and sensitive by evolution.
And the inflection point happened when these communities came up so much that, in fact, joined and decided to write all the recipe of the community together in a DNA chain.
The next stage for life took another billion years.
And in that stage we have multicellular communities, communities of many different kinds of cells working together as a single organism.
In fact, we are a multicultural community.
We have a lot of cells that no longer act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve without the heart, or the muscle of the muscles, or the brain, etc.
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels than the cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
These began to absorb information.
And to build very special structures that they didn't do more than process information in community.
It's the neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they began to specialize within the community being the responsible structures of regime, understanding and transmitting information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that moment as individuals, learning was confined to the duration of an organism, not the period of evolutionary time.
So an organism could, for example, learn how to eat some fruits because he knew wrong and fell sick the last time he ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism since they had built these information processing structures that they would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years for the death of individuals who ate that fruit.
And so the fact that the nervous system builds those information structures really accelerating the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now occur to an individual.
It could happen in time to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea, a vague idea, in my head.
I'm sitting here by emitting a few tricks and hopefully building a similar idea, vague and confusing, in their heads that I put certain analogy with mine.
But we take something very complicated we converted in sound, in sound sequences and produce something very complicated in another brain.
That now allows us to start to work as an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we have started to do abstractions.
Now we go through periods similar to multicellular organisms, we abstract our methods of record and presentation and information processing.
For example, the invention of language was a little step in that direction.
The television, the computing -- the video tape, the CDA, etc., are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information.
And that brings us into something much larger, faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microbes.
You saw the example of you in which it produced some evolution with the Congress program, before our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the scales of time again.
The first stages of history that told them took a billion years every one.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The following: language etc., took less than a million years.
And the next one, like electronics, seems to take just a few decades.
The process is replaced, I guess that authority is the right word to name something that will accelerate its own pace of change.
The more it changes, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we look at in this curve explosion.
We see the process becomes replaced.
But I made my life designing computers, and I know that the mechanisms that I work to design would not be possible without recent hackers.
But now I design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design a conventional way.
I don't know every transistor in that connections machine.
There are billions of million.
Instead, with the designers of Thail Greenspace Machine, we think about a level of abstraction -- we put it into the machine and the machine with that does something that you could not be able to be able to get much faster and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes I use methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using lately, is evolution itself.
We put inside the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of microbes.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions.
We say, "Please computer, can you run a hundred million sequences of instructions to random."
Could you run these sequences of random instructions to the randomness, run all those programs, and take those who are more approaching what we want to do?
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are more likely to order numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions, they get numbers, so none of them did it.
But one, luckily, could put two numbers in the right order.
And I said, "Well, you could take 10 percent of those random sequences that better did the task?
We build those and remove the rest.
And now we reproduce the ones that best ordered the numbers.
And we went back to reproduce a process of analog reconstruction process.
We take two programs, that they will pick up children, which will take surprised charges, and that children inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of programs from the combination of programs that had a little bit more success.
And we say, "Please repeat the process.
Call it again.
I introduced some mutations in.
And it tries again and replace with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes, or in complicated cases, in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that ordered numbers in absolutely perfect ways.
In fact, they are much more efficient programs that I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs I can't say how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
They're dark programs, strange programs.
But you get the complex.
In fact, I know, I have the security that they get the goal because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that they did.
In fact, their lives depend on it.
One time I was going on a 747 with Mars Ministral and pulled a card and says, "Look this.
He says, "This plane has hundreds of thousands of particles working together to offer a safe flight. Doesn't make you feel trust?
We know the engineering processes don't work very well when they become complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to make a different design process.
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than the normal engineering.
However, we don't understand all the choices that there are.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
Now we use those programs to make a lot faster and so that we can run these programs much faster.
You know, it was replaced.
The thing goes faster and faster, and that's why I think it looks so cool.
Because all these technologies are replaced.
We're slightly.
And we're at a moment attached to the single-celled organisms when they became multiplexing.
We're the limits and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the point of influence.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant of our part to think that we are the final product of evolution.
And I think we are all part of the creation of what comes from.
But now comes the lunch and I think stop here before I get rid of it.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've been running enough time enough to allow me to create part of my fake present in that.
Before I treat the theme of my talk, we talk a little baseball, a little bit about baseball.
Why not?
We are close to the end, the World series.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is filled with amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's just going to go out the rules, talk about statistics and use them to form a great baseball team.
I will focus on one of them, and I hope many of you know it.
It's called a battery average.
And we talk about 300 of a park that Batman 300 of a park.
That means that the bat business effective, three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball to the game field without being trained, and that anyone who tries to launch the first base -- it doesn't come in time, and the second foundation will be saved.
Three attempts from 10.
You know how you call a 300 in the Great Libers."
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
You know how you call a $400 baseball basket."
By the way, that is someone that 10 polls, I get four.
Leaderships, as the legendary Ted Williams, the last player of the Great League of Beathern in executing plus 400 strokes in a regular season.
Now let's take this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable or perhaps less uncomfortable, after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose you have applications and you're going to a surgeon that has also a 400 percent record.
That doesn't work, right?
Now suppose that they live in a remote place and a wanting to have two Olympic heart arteries and their family doctor would give it to a cardiologist whose record in anti-technologies is 200 dollars.
But you know anything?
She's getting improved this year.
And their end has been 2511.
This is not working.
But I'll ask you.
What do you think that should be the average of a heart surgeon or an orthopedic surgeon, from a nurse or a global obstacle?
One percent good.
And the truth of the issue is that no one in all medicine knows the ones of a good surgeon, a doctor or a paradigm.
What we do, though, is to send it into the world, and it includes me, with the mandate, of being perfect.
That never, you know, make a mistake and try to figure out how to do it right.
That was the message that I absorbed when I was in medical school.
I was a computer obsessed student.
Once, a fellow in high school said Brian Gulf studied to a blood test.
What about it.
I studied in my little desk, in the nurses of the General General Hospital in Toronto, not far from here.
And I learned all of memory.
Out of my analysis, measuring the origin and the muscle work, the branching of every artery coming out of the sidewalk, the dominant difference frequencies and the non-violent distance.
And I even knew the difference about how to classify the kidney tourist act.
And as much as they accumulate more and more knowledge.
And I was very good, I graduated with honor.
And you see the medical school of medicine with the impression that if you memorize everything, then I would know everything, or the most possible, close to the whole thing, because this is how I was immune from mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met Mr. Dragon.
I was a resident hospital here in Toronto, when I brought the lady Drama to the emergency service where I was working.
At that time, I was assigned to the cardiology service.
And when we exercise it to be able to consult a cardiologist I got to go to that patient.
And I reported the chief of residents.
When I saw Mrs. Dragon, was pounding up.
I heard a resistant sound.
And when the autonomous supply, I heard a business sound on both sides, which was invited by a frozen heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stops working, and instead of pumping blood forward, blood goes to the lungs, and they're filled with blood, and that's why there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnose it.
I did it and I started working on the treatment that I would do.
I gave him an aspiration and medication to relieve the pressure in his heart.
I gave him a digital, planes of water, so it could eliminate liquid.
And in an hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very good.
And there it was when he made the first mistake, he sent her home.
Actually, I made two more errors.
He sent her home without talking to the chief of resistance.
I didn't lift the phone, and I didn't do what I should have done, which was to call my boss and try to build it with him so he saw her.
And if my boss had seen it, I would have been able to pick up competitive information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that required constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility that I could take care of my patients without even contact my boss.
The second mistake I made was worse.
When he sent her home, he didn't pay attention to a voice in my inner inside he said, "We're not a good idea. Don't do it."
In fact, I was so insecure. I would ask the nurse to take care of the lady Dr. "The "You think it's okay if you go to your house?
And the nurse thought, and then he said with total nature, "Yes, I think I'll be good."
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So he signed up the height, and the ambulance along with the paradigms took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, I had a bad presence in the stomach.
But I kept with my job.
At the end of the day, I pushed to leave the hospital and walk towards the parking park where my car was my car to go home. At that time, I did something I don't normally do.
I went through the emergency service at home.
And there another nurse, not the one who cared from Mr. Drug before, but another one told me three words, those three words that most of the emergency doctors fear.
Other specialists fear them as well, but there is a particular in emerging and is that we see the patients.
The three words are -- right?
"Do you remember the patient who sent your house?
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
"You know she goes back, with the same voice.
She was fine.
But it comes back and at the edge of death.
After an hour I had come home, after I gave him the high school, a collapsed and his family called the 9911, the paradigms brought it to emergency with an artistic pressure of 50 centimeters, which means a severe shock.
I just breathe, and I was blue.
The emergency staff has gone through all their resources.
They gave him medication to raise the artery pressure.
And they put an artificial breath.
I was disturbing and said to the spinal cord.
I had a sense of feelings because then the station was in intensive therapy and waiting against all hope that would recover.
And in the two or three days that I would never wake up.
He had an irreversible brain damage.
The family gathered together.
And in eight or nine days, they resisted what was happening.
And the ninth day, they let it go. Mrs. Drive, wife, mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
The next weeks -- I was punished by it and experiment for the first time the shame of shame that exists in our medical culture, and I felt lonely, inside without feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the patterns and never make that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The male shame that I talk about is the one that makes us feel very bad.
It tells us not that what we did was wrong, but we're bad.
And that felt like that.
And it wasn't for my boss, he was a love.
I talked to the family and I'm sure that I would hold things and make sure that I didn't get apart.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my body? Why did he send her to his house?
And in my worst moments, why do I make a mistake so slow?
Why is it medication?
Shortly that feeling was gone.
And I began to feel better.
And in one day, the sky opened, the sky opened up the sun, and I was asked if I felt better again.
And I made a deal with myself in which if I took the efforts to be perfect to not make more mistakes, I would make those voices.
And so it was.
I went back to work.
But it became going on.
Two years later, it was helped in the emergency department in a community hospital in northern Toronto, and I got a 25-year-old man with a pain in the throat of the throat.
I was very busy and delicious.
And he was sitting here.
He looked at her throat -- he was a little bit colored.
And he loves her to her home.
But while he ran to the door, she kept pointing out his throat.
Two days later, when I came to do my guard change, my boss asked me to talk to me in his office.
And it makes the three words, right?
Remember the patient who saw for a pain in the garbage?
He came back and he didn't have a stress farmer.
He had a potentially deadly impact called the telescopes.
You can look for Google -- it's an infection, not the garbage, but the upper air goes and that can cause the closing of those tracks.
He fortunately, not driving.
You get antibiotics in the way that you go and get back to the few days.
And they went through the same period of shame and reproduction, then I took up and came back to work, until it happened again and again, and again.
Two times in the same turn, not diagnostic diagnosis.
And it's a big effort, especially working in a hospital, because it took 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I don't send them home, and I don't think it's been a mess.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation.
And I ordered a red radio radio, but it was normal -- a colleague who was checking the patient in a certain sense of sensitivity in the lower right-hand quadrant and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
I gave him liquid and I asked my colleague to check it.
He checked it up and he noticed some sensitivity in the lower right quadrant, called the surgeon, called the surgeon.
They both were operated and recovered well.
But every case suspenses me, I was driven.
But I'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, and as many colleagues say, it's a permission.
The most significant have been over the last five years.
It's just embarrassed and without support.
And here's the problem, if I can't release and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the vocabulary that tells me what really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues.
How do you teach them so that they don't eat the same mistakes?
If I will go to a place like this, I would have no idea what you think about me.
When was the last time you heard someone talking about failure, after failure, after failure.
Of course in a party you'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but you won't hear someone talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues also, that a translator in my hospital affected the wrong leg, believe it would have a difference in looking at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system where there are two positions -- those who make mistakes and those who are not, those who can't sleep and those who know, the ones that have results and those who have great outcomes.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, as antibodies that start attacking that person.
We have the idea that if we move out of medicine to people who make mistakes, we will have a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
So in 20 years about digital director and medical journalism, I've done a personal study of bad medical and medical errors to learn how possible, from the first article I wrote for the Stock Street to my program, "God County," Black Art."
And what I learned is that mistakes are unintended.
We work in a system where mistakes happen every day, where one in 10 prescription drugs in the hospital are wrong, or documentary is not right -- in a system where state-of-the-art infection are increasingly more and more numerous and more numerous and more new chaos.
In this country, 24,000 Canadians.
The U.S. Medical Institute established 100,000 dollars.
In both cases, it's about depressing supplies, because we're not slowing up the problem as we should.
And so there are things.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiplied every two or three years, and we don't update us.
So sleep deprivation.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow us to make a perfect history of a patient with pain in the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain in the chest -- it comes up with the eyes of electronics and all of a sudden, and all of a sudden, my story was a contempt.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot, I don't do things always the same.
And my patients are not cars. They don't relate their symptoms always in the same way.
For all this, mistakes are inevitable.
So if we take the system as they teach us, and we eliminate all of the professionals prone to mistake, well, there will be no one.
And with respect that people don't want to talk about their most great cases of their greatest?
In my program, "And white art, black art, is already a custom to say, "This is my worst mistake. I would tell everybody, from parasites to the head of heart surgery, "This is my worst mistake," blah blah blah blah -- "What are your mistakes? blah the microphone to them.
And their students would stop, return, drop their head and try and go out and start telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
You want to be able to say, "Look, don't eat the same mistake.
They need a context where they can do it.
They need a redesigning medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The redefine doctor is human, it becomes human, it accepts it, and it doesn't be proud of its mistakes, but it was effort to learn from what happened to teach others.
They share their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It points out the mistakes of other people not with the intention of getting them, but in a way that is loving and support so that they all benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings are running the system, and when this happens, they make mistakes sometimes.
My name is Brian Gulf.
I'm a redesigning doctor.
I'm human, I make mistakes.
And I feel so much but I get effort about learning something that can transmit others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words, I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take one day ...
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
Recently, I made a survey to more than 2,000 people and the average amount of choice that says to choose a middle American -- it's about 70 percent a day.
Not a lot, in a research followed for a week to a group of companies.
Researchers recorded the different tasks that are represented by these executives and the time they employ in making age-related decisions.
They found that, in average, they had 130 jobs a week.
Naturally, every job included a lot of minimal.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time.
Now think about their choices.
Do you know how many people belong to the category of nine minutes, and how many of a hour?
How do the way that make those decisions?
Today I want to talk to you about one of the biggest problems in current today, choose to the optimism of options.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
As I talk about this I'm going to ask you a few questions, and I need to know your answers.
When I ask a question, as I'm blind, raise your hand only if you want to burn calories.
In another way, when I ask a question, if your answer is positive, please give a picture.
And now my first day question: Are you ready to hear about the problem of the options of choice?
Thank you.
Being a graduate graduate student at Stanford University, they were growing up this very high level, at least at least at least at least at the time that was very sophisticated.
It's called Delan.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were like 250 different kinds of mustard and vividly, over 500 different kinds of fruits and vegetables and about 25 percent of the water. And this was when we took the gravity water.
I loved going to that store, but in one occasion, I asked me, why never buy nothing?
This is the stadium of the olive oil.
They had over 75 different classes, including the ones that were in the sealed box that came from microscopic trees.
I once decided to visit the manager and ask him, "Did you have this strategy of offering all these options?
He pointed out the buses filled with tourists that came every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to make a little experiment. This is the minds.
Passion.
They had 38 different classes.
We install a pay to determine, right at the entrance of the store.
We put out six senses of six flavors -- or 24 different flavors and we looked at two things: First, what did people have been willing to stop to try and test the metal?
More people stopped when there was 20, 60 percent, that when there was only six, 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a missing tower.
So here we find the opposite effect.
Of those who stopped when there was 24, only three percent came to buy memories.
The ones who stopped when there was six, we saw that 30 percent bought memories.
If we do the calculations, people had six times more likely to buy metal if they found six, that if they found 24.
Well, deciding that we don't buy metal probably it makes us -- less is good to preserve the line, but it turns out that the problem of choice overload affects us in very momentous decisions.
We decided not to decide, even though this doesn't convince us.
Now the theme of the day, financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with guru Hobble, and I wrote Karl and West January, where we looked at the decisions about savings for about a million Americans, from about 65 plans in this country.
We are interested in seeing if the number of funds available in the savings plans for retirement plans, the 404 program, disabled people to save for the future.
And we found that there was actually a correlation there.
We had 653 plans that were going from two, to 59 different options.
We found that the bigger the number of funds, there were less participation.
So if you look at the extremes, we see that in the plans that offer two funds -- the rate of participation was 70 percent or more, not as high as you would like.
And in the plans that offer about 60 funds -- the rate of participation goes down to the 60 percent.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more choices, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those who decided to participate, the higher the number of options, the more people were encouraged by avoiding actions or investment.
As soon as there were more choices, they were more willing to invest in financial market accounts of markets.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we recovered to optimize the future financial well-being.
In the previous decade, we've seen three main negative consequences in offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that they make the decision, which is going to take it even when it goes against the interest.
It's more likely to take the worst decisions, in finance and health.
They're more likely to pick up less satisfying things, even though they usually go better.
The main reason is that we manage to look at that giant variety of mass, mustard and beat and metal, but we are not able to do the calculations to compare them, confront and choice from that awesome exhibition application.
Today I want to give you four simple techniques that we've tried, in one way or another, in different research, so that they can rehearse in their business.
The first is: Corrocrity.
You have heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, that less is more.
People always bother when I say, "The "sense."
They worry about losing space in the analogy.
But actually, what we're looking at increasingly is that if you decide to cut, you get rid of strange reduction choices, there will be an increase in the sales -- going down the costs, there will be a better experience in the election.
When Practic & Gamble went from 26 different types of Handsha & Shakespeare to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When corporate Golden Case removed the products to get rid of cats that are less selling, they increase up in 73 percent, by two cause, greater sales and fewer costs.
You know that today's supermarkets.
In a shop of Walmart they offer about 100,000 products.
But the biggest store in the world today is Alaska and it offers only 1,400 products, a kind of tomato tomato sauce.
In the world of financial savings -- I think one of the best examples that have emerged about how to handle the choices is the plant of David Latin, the Harvard.
All the Harvard employees are automatically income to a life insurance fund.
The people who really want to choose -- 20 funds are offered -- not 300 or more.
You know, people often say, "I don't know how to cut up.
They're all important choices.
The first thing I do is I ask the employees, "God the differences between those choices.
And if your employees can't difference, you can't do your cultures?
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was chatting with Gary Galileo.
He told me that he would be willing to offer the people in this audience a few vacation to the most beautiful road in the world.
Here, a description here.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read and then I want you to give a applause if you're ready to take the offer.
(Audience: Okay. Somebody who's ready to accept the supply.
Aren't it?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who is ready for that journey.
I think it's actually going to hear more hands.
All right.
In fact, you had more information in the first round than in the second store, but I can go ahead and say they thought the second time was more real.
Because the images made it look more to be seen.
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of the choices of choices, which is Center.
So that people understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of every choice, and that consequences must feel very vividly very concrete, very concrete.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average when they use debit cards or credit cards than when they use effective?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out to make it look more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Shanghai Benjamin and Alexander President, on the staff of English -- "We were working in English, these people were in a meeting where they were being applied to a 404 plan.
At that meeting, we built exactly how we used it, we made a little goodbye.
What we added was that we had the staff to think about the positive things that would happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this minute there was an increase in the 20 percent and an increase in the amount that they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings accounts from four.
The third technique is Clarkes.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study we did in a magazine hall.
We saw that in the London Supermarkers along the corner of the survey, the magazine exhibit can contain from 335 different kinds to 665.
But you know?
Because the classification tells me how to differentiate me.
These are two juvenile exhibitions.
One is called "Jackson, and the other one is called "Johnson:
If you think the one on the left is Shirley, and the one on the right is Jack, you give a palm off.
(Audience: Well, there are a few.
If you think the one on the left is Jack, and the one on the right is Six, you give a palm off.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is Jack, and the one on the right is Shirley: but you know anything?
This classification scheme is totally useless.
Categories have to indicate something to which I choose to, not when I define them.
You often see this problem with those huge funds of funds.
You know who you're informed?
My fourth category, Connectic the complexity.
It turns out that we can handle a lot more information than we think, if only a little bit.
We have to increase the complexity.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's see a complicated decision, the purchase of a car.
This is a German car manufacturer that allows the whole personalized personalized.
You have to take 60 decisions, to bring the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that offer each one.
colors, the outer color of the car. I have 56 possibilities.
Moral: The change box, four options.
What I'm going to do is to vary the order that decisions come in.
So half of the clients are going to go from many options, 56 colors, to a few times, four boxes.
The other half of the clients are going to go from few choices, four boxes, to 56 colors, many options.
And what am I going to look?
How involved you are.
If you can always get the ball in every single decision, this indicates that they're overwhelmed or whether we are losing them.
We found that the ones that go from many options to the few, they provide the button over and over again, and another more.
We miss them.
If you go from few options to many, they continue there.
Same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was to disrupt the order that information is presented.
If we start with the easy, you learn how to choose.
Although you choose the box of change is not saying anything about the preferences of inner decoration.
We're excited about a product that we're building that now has more hooked with the process.
To sum up.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the options of choice, Corrocrity, the strange alternatives -- Congress, do it real, Claring, we can handle more categories with less choices, consumer complexity.
All these techniques I've presented to you were designed to help handle the alternatives or better for you, to use them in their issues, or for the people who serve them.
It is that I think the key to getting the best of a choice is to be careful to choose to choose.
And the more careful we are in our choices better we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the '90s, in the East Chinese Germany, if you had a writing machine had to register it to the government.
He had to register a text sheet of an example written with the machine.
And this so that the government could track the origin of the texts.
If they found a writer with the wrong message, they could track the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West, we didn't conceive that someone could do this, how much it would limit the freedom of expression.
We never did that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser printer of any big manufacturing and print a page, that page will end up having some yellow yellow dots on each page that follow a pattern that makes them out of one and their printer.
That's happening today.
And no one seems to be a lot of it for this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us, citizens.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems in the network.
If we look at what happens in the online world, we can ruin the attacks.
There are three main groups.
They're the civilizations.
Like Mr. Diamethis Golden Chinese in Ukraine.
The mobile phone is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the cyberattacks to make a lot of money, a lot of money.
There are really many cases of millions online, multiplexing that would make money with their attacks.
This is Valley Tasmanians, in Tarrot.
This is Alfred Governol.
This is Stephen Wall.
This is Berlin Southern.
These are Matt Anderson: Tamir Alabama, etc., etc.
These guys are doing their strengths online, but they do it by illegal media by translations to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or they steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy in a infected computer.
The secret service of America, two months ago, frozen the Swiss account of this Mr. Sam Jack, and this account had 14 million dollars when he was frozen.
Mr. Jack was all shown his paradigm.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us being victims of a criminal crime.
And it's very obvious that this goes from bad in worse.
In the future, most crimes will happen online.
The second group of attacks in importance today is not motivated by money.
There's another thing that moves, they motivate the protests, they motivate them, they motivate the laughter.
Groups like Anonymous have figured out in the last 12 months occupying a paper based on online attacks.
Those are the three main attacks, the criminals that do it for money, the hackers like Anonymous who do it to protest and the last group are the governments that they attack.
And then we see cases like Digitation.
That's a good example of government attack against its own citizens.
Digital distribution is an authority of ceremonial countries of the Netherlands, or actually it was.
Decomposity is the last fall, because of a sand.
And you go through the security of the site and pregrate a circulation.
I asked last week, in a meeting with the representatives of Dutch government, I asked one of the leaders if they found the death of people in the death of the attack to Digitation.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how does people die because of an attack?
Digital distribution is a certified authority.
They sell certificate.
What do cybercriminals do?
Well, you need if you have a website with buses, services encrypted SRA services, services like Giaber.
Except that it would intercept a foreign certified authority.
They emit angry certificate.
And in the case of Digital Digital, exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt.
Well, in Egypt the protesters took the headquarters out of the Egyptian secret police in April 2011, and during the floor of the building, they found many papers.
Among those papers was this card called "complete" called "crucial parties?
And within that folder, there were notes from a company with self-confidence in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept the communications of citizens in the country.
They had sold this tool for 200,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The headquarters of the company is right here.
I mean, Western governments provide tools to the totalitarian governments so they do this to their citizens.
But Western governments also do this to themselves.
For example, in Germany, just a couple of weeks ago, the Shakespeare Transport was found by the Shakespeare translator using German government officials to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a very good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interesting.
But today it goes further.
The Internet connection.
They use even tools like the Scheta Transport to infect our computer with a season to allow us to see all the communication, and listen to online discussions -- to get our data.
When we think about it in things like this obvious answer should be a bad thing, but I don't really affect me because I'm a honest citizen.
Why worry?
I have nothing to hide.
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in play the privacy.
Privacy is not dispute.
It's not a question of privacy against security.
It's about freedom against control.
If we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right thing we have today, will be forever.
Do we trust blindly in any future government in an administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that have to worry about the next 50 years.
This is where I live. I live in Kenya, in the south part of Natasha National Park.
These are the cows of my dad at the bottom, and behind the cow, the National Park.
The National Park of Nairobi has no close in most of the south, which means that wild animals like networks migrate freely outside the park.
And predators, as the lions. They follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our cattle.
This is one of the ones that killed at night, and so soon we wake up in the morning and found it dead to me and found myself very bad because it was the only thing we had.
My community, the masses, we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to passage it, and so we value them.
So I grew up with the lions.
The dying are warriors that protect our community and the livestock and they're also upset with the problem.
So kill lions.
This is one of the six lions that killed in Nairobi.
I think that's why there is so few in the National National Park.
A child in my community, at six to nine years old, is responsible for his father's winner and this was the same thing to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions gave them fear.
But I realized that this is actually not serious, because even help the lions to see the step of far.
I didn't get back. I kept going.
A second idea was to use a spectro.
I tried to send the lions to believe that it was near the stadium.
But the lions are very clever.  They came the first day and saw the spread, and they were going, but the second day, they came back and said, this thing doesn't move, it's always here.  So they jump out and kill animals.
So one night I was walking around the stage with a torch and that day the lions didn't come.
I found that lions are afraid of the light that's moving.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch that I would try and turn out the lights.
And this is a little lamp.
Turn it all.
As you can see, the solar panel load the battery and the battery supply electricity to the little box. I call it a transformation.
And the top box makes light shot.
As you can see, the bombs go outside, because that's where the lions come from.
And that's how you see the lions when they come from night.
The light lights and they send the lions to think I'm walking around the stadium, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never have trouble with lions.
And the house houses heard the idea.
One one is from this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals and he asked me if he could put the lights.
I said yes.
I put it. You can see the bottom, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used by all Kenya, to scare other predators as heads, legally, and it's also used to take elephants from the farms.
Thanks to this invention -- I had the fortune to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Brazilian Brazilian Brooklyn, and I'm very excited.
My new school now is helping raise funds and consciousness.
I even took my friends to my community and we installed lights in the houses that they don't have, and I teach them how to put them.
So a year ago, I was just a child in the savanna corners of my father's penguins, and I used to see airplanes flying and told me that someday would be within one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come in airplane for the first time to TED.
My big dream is to become an engineer of aviation and pilot when I grew up.
I used to hate the lions, but now as my invention is saving my dad and the lions, we can be with lions without any conflict.
Assa's wine, which in my tongue means so much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like yours.
So you got a scholarship. Richard Turkey, yeah.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next on your list?
RL: My next invention is, I want to do an electrical fence -- CA: A close close?
RL: I know they already invented the electric fences -- but I want to do the mine.
CA: So I'm just going to try and do it once -- and you, RK: I tried it before, but I stopped because I got a carbon -- CA: At the end of the Canyon, Richard Turk, you are a big thing.
We're going to encourage every single step that you know, friend of mine.
Thank you very much. RL: Thank you very much.
When I was a little girl, I thought my country was the best of the planet.
I grew up singing a song called "Don't envy nothing."
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying the story of Kim Higgs, but we never learned much from the rest of the world, except the South America, Japan is the enemy.
Although sometimes I asked myself about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend my whole life in North Korea, until everything changed all of it.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family was not poor, and I was never hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter from my sister's colleagues.
That said, "When you read this, the five family members stop in this world, because we haven't eaten in the two weeks past.
We're recovered together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak, we're prepared to die.
I was very altered.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
At the time I was walking in front of the train station, I saw something terrible I can't erase from my memory.
A nonprofit woman was dead on the street, holding a child in his arms looking at his mother's face without being able to do anything.
No one helped them, because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families.
A huge man in North Korea.
In the end, over a million North Koreans died during the famine and only a few survive eating grass, insects and tree cortex.
They also became more and more frequently made the energy cut, all around me was completely dark at night except for sea lights in China, barely crossing the river from my home.
I always wondered why they had light and we don't.
This is a satellite picture from North Korea at night compared with the neighboring countries.
This is the Aristotle River, which serves of limit between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very analog in certain points, allowing normalization to create secret.
But many die.
Sometimes, I see bodies floating on the river.
I can't reveal the details of how North Korea, but I can only say that during the years of hunger, I was sent to China to live with distant patients.
But I only thought I'd be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined that I would take 14 years to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would be like a regular refugee refugees.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because northern refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants in China.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed, and it would be reported to a horrible destiny back in North Korea.
A day, my worst nightmare became reality, when I was arrested by the Chinese police and I was involved in the police station.
Somebody had accused me to be nerve, then they looked at my skills in the Chinese language, and they asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explode.
If it didn't seem natural, it could be incarcerated and depressed.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answer the questions.
At the end of the interrogation an officer said to another, "This was a fake report -- she is not nervous.
And they let me go. It was a miracle.
Some normalizations in China will look for foreign embarrassments.
But many people can be arrested by Chinese police and depression.
These women were very lucky.
Even though they had captured them, they were eventually released after an international pressure.
These nerves didn't have so much luck.
Every year, countless nerves are captured in China and depressions to North Korea, where they're tortured, incarcerated or executed in public.
Even though I was lucky to escape, many other normalists have not had so much luck.
It's tragic that normalizations have to hide their identities and fight so hard just to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, all of their world can take in a second.
That's why after 10 years of hiding my identity, I decided to be able to go to South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
To stay in South Korea was a much larger challenge than I expected.
English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
Also, I understood that there was a big gap between North and South Africa.
We're all the Koreans, but inside, we've come to be very different because of 67 years of divide.
They even take a crisis of identity.
I'm a surgeon or a normal?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country that I could call with pride my own.
Even though I adapt to life in South Korea was not easy, I made a plan, I started studying for the University of income to college.
Just when I started adapting my new life, I got a call card.
Now, the North Korean authorities in Northern Korea would put some money out of money that sent my family, and as my family, my family was going to be displaced to the force to a location.
They had to go away.
So I started planning how to help them escape.
Now nerves have to travel long distances on the way to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So, ironically, I took a flight to China and they went down to the border with North Korea.
Since my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to guide them, somehow, for more than 3,000 miles across China and then through Southeast Asia.
The bus ride took a week, and we were almost caught several times.
Once, our bus was arrested and addressed by a Chinese police officer.
He asked the identification of everybody, and he started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese officer came up to my family, I initially stood up and I told him that they were sub-Saharan people who were accepting.
I looked at me, but fortunately I believed me.
We did all the way to the Lake border.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Lawaeness.
But even after spending the border, my family was arrested and imprisoned by crossing the illegal border.
After paying and shells, my family was released in a month.
But in time, my family was arrested and incarcerated again in Lakota capital.
This was one of the lowest points in my life.
And I did everything to liberate my family, and we were so close to, but my family was retreated in prison short distance from the South Korean embassy of South Korea.
I was going and came between the office office and the police station, desperately trying to liberate my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more bribe or sheet.
I lost hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man asking, "What's the problem?"
I was so surprised that an unknown mind would ask you.
With my poor English and with a dictionary, I explained the situation, and without doubt -- the man went to the ATM card, and he gave me the rest of the money for my family and for two other nerves and to take them out of prison.
I thank you with all my heart, and I said, "Why do I help you."
"I'm not helping you." He said.
"I am helping the normal village.
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The unknown kindly symbolizes a new hope for me and for the normal village when we needed it.
And I showed that the kindness of the unknown and the support of the international community are really the hope of hope that the normal village needs.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I met in South Korea.
But achieve its freedom is only half of the battle.
Many normalizations are separated from their families and when they go to a new country, they start with little or no money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, English language practices, work practices and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people inside North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us are in contact with family in the way that are still inside, and we send information and money that is helping change North Korea from within.
I've been very lucky, I have received a lot of aid and inspiration in my life, so I want to help you to give birth an opportunity to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more swimmers to succeed around the world, including on the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in Central Central Center.
This is Central South Central stores, fast food, balanced strings.
So the planners in the city came together and thought, we're going to change the South Central Center so that it represents something else, so they changed the South Angeles South, as if this would fix what is actually wrong in the city.
This is Los South Angeles.  There's lines of lockers, fast food, balanced strings.
Just like 266, millions of other Americans live in a food desert, the South Central Angeles, home of food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that the food places to take kill more people than food in the car.
People are dying of curved diseases in Los Angeles Central Center.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times larger than, say, Beverly Hills, which is about 15 miles away.
I was tired of seeing that this happened.
And I wonder -- how would you feel if you didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time you go out of your house, you see the harmful effects that the food system is in your neighborhood."
I see wheelchair buying and sold as used cars.
I see police speech centers like Starbucks stations.
And I think this must stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
I also made me tired out about 45 minutes to go and go back to buy a apple that doesn't have peacekeepers.
What I did, it was planting a food forest in front of my house.
In a land farm we call a garden.
It's 45 feet away from me.
The point is, they belong to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what I come in in winner, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it.
That's how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Greg Greenspace, we put together and we start planting our food forest, fruit trees, you know, nine complete vegetables.
What we do, we are a kind of a group paid by the garden composed of all the processing, all of the city and completely voluntary and everything we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
Then somebody complained it.
The city came up to me and in short, they gave me a circuit saying that I had to retire my garden -- the circuit was made organic order.
And I said, "Come on, really?
A judicial order for planting food on a piece of land that nobody matters.  So I was like, "Well, line."
Because this time it wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Levit, and I talked to the concrete and one of the Green Greenspace members who put a petition in China, with 900 signatures, we were successful.
We had the victory in our hands.
My concrete was even called to say that they would respond and adore what we were doing.
I mean, let's go, why not?
L.A. is the city of the United States with more balanced terrain.
It has 68 miles of balanced terrain.
That equals 20 Central Park.
That's enough space to plant 71 million tomato plants.
Why does the hell don't seem good at this?
It will grow a plant to give about a thousand thousand seeds.
When a dollar of people will give you 75 dollars of output.
It's my head, when I tell people, grow your own food.
Crazy your own food is how you print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for Central South.
I grew up there. I raised my kids there.
I became a part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing for me for others, and I'm going to manufacture my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The garden is my chart -- I grow my art.
Just like an artist artist that embarrasses walls, I embarrassed soils, gardens.
I use the garden, the land, as a piece of canvas and plants and trees, are my embarrassment of that canvas.
They would be surprised to see what the earth can do, if they let it be their canvas.
You just can't imagine how amazing a sunflower is and how people affect people.
What happened?
I'm witness how my garden became a tool of education, from my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the land.
We're the land.
They would be surprised to see how kids affect kids.
The garden is the most therapeutic and provocative act that you can do, especially in a south.
You get fresh.
I remember one occasion, who came up with a mother and his daughter, they were like 1960, and they were in my backyard, and they looked very story.
I, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt shame when I saw people who were so close to me with hungry, and this only reinforces why I do this, people ask me, "Oh, don't you fear people will steal your food."
I say, "Oh my God, I'm not afraid you're going to steal it."
So that's on the street.
That's what it is about.
I want you to take it, but in turn, I want you to pick up your health.
There was another time that I put a garden in a shelter to unfold in the center of Los Angeles.
They were these guys, they helped me download the truck.
It was great, I was sharing their stories about how this was affected and how they used to plant with their mom and grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed -- so it was just for a moment.
So Green Greenspace has come to plant maybe 20 garden.
We have had, like about 50 people who come and work and participate, all in voluntary plan.
If kids grow down, the kids eat coffee.
If you grow tables, eat tables.  But if none of this is taught -- if you don't teach them how food affects the mind and the body, they eat blind what they put them in front of them.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing that they're trapped in, and I see color kids who are on this path designed for them, that don't take them nowhere.
With the garden, I see an opportunity in which we can train these kids who are complaining about their communities to have sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe the next George Washington Carter is produced.
But if we don't change the composition of the land, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plans. This is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole set of gardens, where people can share food in the same picture.
I want to take container and turn them into healthy coffee.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free, because it's not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability, you have to replace it.
What I'm talking about is to try to work for people, take the kids out of the street who know the joy, the pride and the honor to grow their own food, open market markets.
What I want to do here, we have to make it sexy.
I want all of you to become educational replacements, clips, planets gardens.
We have to change the script of what's a climate.
If you're not a garden, you're not a camp.
That the chimps take their pain right?
That's their weapon of choice.
Instead, if you want to meet with me, well, if you want to see, I don't call me if you want to sit in the comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some shit, to talk about doing some shit.
If you want to see you, they come to the garden with their palm so we can plant something.
peace. Thank you.
Thank you.
You probably all agree with me that this is a very nice road.
It's made of asphalt -- and asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, that it takes a lot.
You can have a lot of water in the asphalt that you have saved in.
And especially if you're riding in your bicycle and these cars happen, that's not very nice.
Also, asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, as in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we want a silent road.
The solution for that is to make porn asphalt.
The purpose purpose, a material that we use now in most countries in the Netherlands, has pores and the water can pass through it, so the entire rainwater flow on the sides and they will have a road that is easy to drive, and they won't save water before.
The noise will also disappear in these pores too.
Because it's very heart, the whole noise disappears, so it's a very silent road.
It also has desperation, of course, and the downside of this road is that you can get rid of it.
What is down? You see that in this road the stones on the surface are coming out.
First of all, a stone, then several more and more and more, and then -- well, I won't do that.  But you can harm your windshield down, and you're not happy with that.
And finally, this can also lead to more and more damage.
Sometimes you can create balls with that.
Ah, it's ready.
Bathrooms, of course, that you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
Here you can actually see how the damage appears in this material.
It's a permanent asphalt -- as I said, so it only has a small amount of warning between the stones in it.
Because of the intersection, the ultraviolet light on the observation, this approach, this adaptable, the glue between the radio, is focused on it, and if you put it off, you will be millions of microbes and you will separate from the adding.
So if you drive down the road, you take the add out, like you saw here.
To solve this problem, we think about a material of authorities.
If we can make this material, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel laughs, from that to clean streets, and we can cut the steel wool into very small chunks, and we can mix those little pieces with the bat.
So we have an asphalt with little bits of steel wool in it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook -- a machine of indigenous.
Industrial can be calculated, especially the steel is very good at that.
So what you have to do is heat the steel down, melt the back, the bank flow through these microbes and the stones are going to look back to the surface.
Today I use a microwave oven, because I can't bring the big income machine here on the stage.
The microwave oven, it's a similar system.
I put the sample, which I'm going to take to see what happened.
This is the sample that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there, and then the government, they really saw our results, and they thought, "Well, that's really interesting. We need to try."
So we got a piece of roads, 400 meters from the Amazon freeway, where we had to do a trial lane to test this material.
So that's what we did there. You see where we were doing the test test, and then of course, this road lasts several years without any damage. That's what we know about practice.
We took lots of samples from this road and we tested them in the lab.
We made the samples, we put a lot of payload on them, we reported them and then we reported them with our income machine and we repair them and we went back to it.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can say that we've made a material using steel fibers, bringing these fibers together, using the energy of individual to actually increase the life of the surface of the road, you can even double the life of the road, you can even double a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity of if this also worked.
We still have the show here. It's pretty hot.
Actually, you have to face first before I can show you how the repair acts act.
But I'm going to do a try.
Let's see. Yeah, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11, I remember waking up one morning with the sound of the pig in my house.
My father was listening to Beijing News in his little gray radio.
He had a big smile in his face that was unusual in those times, because news usually depressed.
"The Taliban were straight? I yelled my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see that my father was very, very happy.
"Now you can go to a real school, he said.
One morning I will never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban was preparing from Afghanistan and made illegal that girls went to school.
For the next five years, I was seen as a child to hide my older sister that I could no longer be used to go to a secret school.
It was the only way that we were able to educate them.
Every day, we took a different route so that nobody could suspect where we were going.
We had to hide the books in the market to seem like we were shopping.
The school was in a house, over 100 of us approaching it in a small room.
It was nice in the winter, but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew we risk our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Every once in a while, school was suddenly closed for a week, because the Taliban sustained the Taliban.
We always wondered what they knew from us.
Would they be following us?
Did you know where we live?
We were stable, but still, the school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a treasure.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A story of a remote province of Afghanistan. It insisted that his daughter, my mother, went to school, and why her father had it.
But my educated mother became a teacher.
This is it.
It goes back two years ago, just to convert our house in school for girls and women from our neighborhood.
And my father, this is, was the first of his family in getting education.
There was no doubt that his children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban.
For him, there was a greater risk not to educate her children.
Over the years of the Taliban. I remember moments that I was very frustrated by our life, and I was always scared and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to give up, but my father said, "Hey, daughter, you can lose everything you have in life.
They can steal your money. You can force your house during a war.
But there is one thing that will always be with you, what's here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we'll do it.
So do you still want to not go out?
I am 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of women in my age have more than the graph, and if my family had not been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find me proud to graduate in Miloney College.
When I came back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, which was successful from her home for the courage to educate his daughters, was one of the first ones in for the face of their daughters.
He doesn't just get away from my college degree, but also that I was the first woman, and I am the first woman, who has been driving over the streets of Kabul.
My family believes in me.
I dream in big, but my family has even larger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global ambassador in 1960, a global campaign to educate women.
That's why I cofounded RNA -- the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country where it's still risky for girls to go to school.
The exciting thing is, I see students in my school with the strong desire to leverage the opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families who, like mine, advocating for them, despite and still in front of a descended opposition.
Like Asha. It's not his true name, and I can't show you his face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and his daughter were going on from RNA to his village, and literally they escaped from being killed by a bomb on the road, for minutes.
When you get to your house, you're the phone, a voice warned you that if you kept sending your daughter to school, you will try.
"You know, if you will, he said, "But I didn't hurt the future of my daughter for your old and removed ideas.
What I've noticed in Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of those trials, there is a father who recognizes the value of his daughter and he sees that the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key to our success.
In fact, often are the first compelling interests of the bright future of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban. The girls who went to school was in hundreds, remember, it was illegal.
But today, more than three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes.
I fear these changes don't stop a lot, after the retreat of the U.S. troops in the U.S.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I see students in my school and their parents who are advocating for them, that they encourage them, I see a promising future and a lasting change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and unlimited possibilities -- and every single day girls in RNA reminds me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
never, I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in the exile, "Hey, resistant to Gaddafi, fought him.
But you never become a galaxy Gallery revolution.
They have spent almost two years since the free revolution inspired by the waves of mass movements both of the Tunisian revolution as the Egyptian revolution.
A force with many other liberal citizens, inside and outside the country to call a day of foreign and start a revolution against the Newtonian regime of Galapago.
And we did, it was a big revolution.
Women and young men were in the ventilant, and they demanded the fall of the regime, and they played freedom of freedom, dignity and social justice.
They have shown an example of the bottom of the brutal dictatorship of Galapago.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the East East to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a period of six months of brutal war and some losses from about 50,000 dead, we managed to liberate our country and defeat the terror.
And yet, Galileo left a heavy, a short line, corruption and stream seeds.
For four decades, the Gandhi anti-based regime destroyed infrastructure, culture and moral structure of liberal society.
It's aware of the devastation and the challenges, I have loved -- next to many other women, rebuild liberal civil society, demand an inclusive and fair transition to democracy and national reconciliation.
They set up about 200 organizations in Benjamin during the bottom, and immediately after Galapagos about 300 in Twitter.
After a period of 33 years of education, I went back to Libya, and with a single enthusiasm -- began organizing workshops about the development of capabilities and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women, we founded the Women Line Platform by peace, a movement of women, leaders, very diverse orientation, to advocate for the social autonomy of the woman and the education right in building democracy and peace.
I found a very difficult environment in the prosperity period, an environment that was increasingly politically, which was moved from selfish policies of domination and exclusion.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won a 17th, from the National Congress in the first 52 years.
However, gradually the exhilaration of election and revolution as a whole, they were disappeared, every day we found violence news.
And one day we woke up with the profit of old mosques and Swiss tumors.
Another day I love the murder of the American ambassador and the attack to the consumer.
Another day we woke up with the official murder of the military officer.
And every day, every day we wake up with the government of the military and their violent continuities of the human rights and their lack of respect from law.
Our society, which is made by a revolutionary mindset, pollute more, and has taken away from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at the beginning.
The intolerance, the exception and the revenge.
I'm not here today to inspire our history of the success of the "sense creation, and elections.
I am here today to trust us that we, as a nation, we make bad, we make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because choices don't bring peace and stability and security to Libya.
The credit list and the alternative between candidates and candidates brought peace and national reconciliation?
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why is our society still polarized and dominated with selfish political policies and exclusion.
Perhaps what it was missing wasn't just women, but the female values of compassion and mercy and inclusion of compassion.
Our society needs national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than the election needs that just reinforce polarization and division alone.
Our nation needs the quantum representation of the female more than needs numerical and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting as anti-powered agents and call it a day of anger.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and micro-controlled.
We have to develop a female speech, that not only honor but also puts the micro-manual micro-many instead of the share, collaboration instead of competition, income instead of exception.
These are the ideals that a Libya, destroyed by the war, needs desperately in order to achieve peace.
Because peace has an argument that tries to interact and alternative between female perspectives and males.
That's the real credit.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it socially.
According to a version of the Koran Shanghai, peace, "It's the word of the God Middle God."
At the same time, the word "the "and is known in all of the abstractions -- has the same root in Arabic that the word "research symbolics, the female and material -- that strikes all of humanity that men and women -- that all tribes and all the towns have gone out.
And so, just like the uterus completely covers the embryo, which grows inside, the divine matrix of the compassion is all existence.
So you say, "My mercy.
So you say, "My missionary provided about my Iran."
You can all tell them the grace of mercy.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about an inefficient question, which has an equally ineffective answer.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to talk about is the people that all do always, why does she go?
Why would anyone stay with a man who was painted?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no expert in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old. I had just license at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and editor in September magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first green American card, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, that I believed my twin soul, I was pointing to the head with a smartphone, carrying with balls of floor spider.
The man, which I loved more than anyone in this world, put a gun in my head and threaten with more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of the "The Love Love," a psychological tribe, distributing love, where every year millions of women, and even some men.
It could even be your story.
I didn't look like a typical survivor of domestic violence.
I'm a license in English at Harvard University and I have a MBA in March from the White Business School, School.
I've spent most of my career working for companies on the list of 500 lists between them Johnson & Johnson, Leo Bertness and The Washington Pole.
I took almost 20 years with my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black book and drive a monitoring Hong Obesis.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all races, all religion, all levels of wealth and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a problem of women.
Not exactly not.
Over 85 percent of the malescors are men, and the domestic abuse only happens in intimate and interpretent and long duration or said otherwise, in the families, the last place where we want to find violence, reason why, the domestic abuse is so passionate.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world who would stay with a man who gave him a man who paid him, and I was actually a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States, the women between 16 and 24 years of age have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the other ages, and over 500 girls of that age are killed every year by couples, nodes and heavy husbands in the United States.
I was also a typical victim, because I didn't know anything about domestic violence, their warning signals or their patterns.
I met Canada in a cold and rainy night of January.
I was sitting next to me in the subway of New York and started to dive with me.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he also had just license a university of the Identime Rena and worked in a very important bank from Wall Street.
But what struck me in that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and that seemed like a guy in the field.
I had a few big movies like apples and a wheat, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things that I did was, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the mate.
He did it all over at the beginning of the beginning in a poetry.
We started coming out and loved all of me, which was list, that he had gone to Harvard -- that he put passion to help teenage girls, and my job.
I wanted to know all about my family, my childhood, my dreams and the illusions.
I believed in me, as a writer and as a woman, as nobody had ever done before.
And it was why the literature in that school presence and the work on Wall Street and his bright future had so much importance for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any domestic violence relationship is selective and accessible to the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is to stick.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was to go from New York and leave the work of my dreams, but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner so I agreed down, I left my work and I knew, and I went together in Manhattan together.
I had no idea that I was falling in a love line, that I was entering the head in a physical, financial and psychological trap.
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it reacts it.
And this is where they come into stage that passages.
As soon as we moved to New England you know, that site where I supposed to have to feel so safe it was bought three pills.
He had one person in the car glass.
Another thing underneath the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket.
And I said that I needed those guns because of the trauma that lived from small.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those pills were actually a message for me, and although I had never raised my hand, my life was already in serious danger, every minute every day.
The first known physical attack happened five days before our wedding.
They were seven in the morning and still had the camel.
Five days later, when the 10 morals of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother back to my mother and married me.
Despite what I had happened, I was sure that we would live happily forever because I loved him, and he also wanted me a lot.
And I was very, very herder.
He just had a lot of sense for the wedding and the fact that he made a family with me.
He had been an isolated accident, and he would never make me hurt.
I spent twice in our honey.
The first time I was driving up to a secret beach and lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that I stole several times against the window of the car.
And then, a couple of days later, driving back from our honey moon, he was raised by traffic, and he threw a Big Mac cold to the face.
I knew I kept paying one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is the victim of domestic violence or bullying. At some point in their life, and the Congress Control Center reported that every year 15 million children are male, 15 million.
So, actually, I had very good company.
To go back to my question: Why did I get it?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know that he was abusing me.
Instead, I was a very strong woman, fell in love with a deeply transmitted man, and it was the only person in the world who could help Canada face her devils to him.
The other question that everybody does is, why don't it just market?
Why didn't it go? I could have gone at any time.
For me, this is the saddest and painful question that people do, because we, the victims, we know something that normally you ignore -- is incredibly dangerous to abandon a male.
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the killers in cases of domestic violence occur after the victim has ended up in the relationship after raised, because then the isolation has nothing to lose.
Other implications include permanent heart, even after the accelerator has become caused by financial resources, financial resources, and manipulation from the family judicial system to terrified the victim and their children, which are usually forced by judges to spend time not overcome with the man who beat their mother.
And we still keep asking why it just doesn't go?
I was able to go, because I was able to go, because of a last Pakistani side that I sold my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, would have killed me if I had allowed it.
So I broke the silence.
I told everybody around the world, to police, to my neighbors and my friends and family, and I'm here today because you all helped me.
We have the tendency to stabilize victims as spinal tablets, self-destructive women, damaged goods.
The question, "Why does it go?
For some people, it's a way to say, "The guilt is yours for stay, as if the victims we want to do is we would be able to fall in love with men who want to destroy them.
But since I published "The love of love -- I've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who also escaped -- that they learned an enduring lesson of what happened to them and they would disclose their lives and happy lives as employees, wives, and mothers, completely free violence, like mine.
Because it turns out that I'm actually a victim and a survival of very typical domestic violence.
I became married with a silent man and nice and we have those three children.
I have that black wisdom and also that minister.
What I'm not going to have ever ever had ever ever more, it's never a card passage pointing to my head in someone's hands of someone who says I want.
Right now, they're thinking, "Hi, that's fascination, or "Hi, what silly was, but all this time I actually have been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people who are listening to me right now, that they're being made up or being satisfying or being abused by themselves.
The malaria could be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to end my mad particular love to break the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse is just going to come in the silence.
They have the power to end up with domestic violence simply throwing light on it.
The victims need everybody.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
They take the male to the light talking about it with his children, their jobs and their friends and family.
It replaces your view of survivors as fantastic and lovely people who have a flat future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to consciously intervene to slow up their scale and show the victims a safe output.
Together, we can convert our beds together, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oasis that they should be.
Thank you.
Hello. My name is Cameron Russell and for a while, I'm a model.
To be precise, since 10 years ago.
And I feel that at this point there is an awkward tension in the room because I shouldn't have seen that way.  Luckily, I've brought clothes to change it.
This is the first layer of clothing on a TED stage, so you are very lucky to preserve them, I think.
If some of the women are horrified when it comes out, they don't have to do it now, but I'll find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think about in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These things are very uncomfortable, less bad than I don't have to use anymore.
The worst part is to pass this signal on your head, because it's when you go to me, so you don't do anything while you cover your head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but also surface.
I have completely changed what they thought about in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a boyfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable. And the photographer said to me that he was throwing the back and holding the hair of the guy.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial bronze like the one that I made two days ago for work, there is very little that we can do to transform our looks, which is, although the surface and immune, has a huge impact in our lives.
So today, to me, being brave means being honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a black woman and white woman, and in my workforce, that's being a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always make me, but in a sincere way.
The first question is, how do you get modern?
And I always say, a race discovery, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I made a model is because I won the genetic lottery, and I'm the benefit of a hyperactive, and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries, we have not only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry -- which we are biologically programmed to admire -- we've also associated with a high and a figure, to feminist and a white skin.
And that's my heritage -- I inherited that I've known to take a lot of money.
And I know there are people in the audience who are now showing you skeptical, and maybe there are some lovers of the fashion that say, wait. There are Naomi -- Tarmon, Joan Sirstands, Live Web.
First of all, the happiness to know so much of models. It's surprising.
But unfortunately, I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at the University of New York told each and every single model in the passenger, and from the 177 models, only 27, I mean, less than four percent, they were not white.
The next question that people always make me is: Could it be model when it's greater?
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't get away from that.
But then, what I would actually tell each of these girls is: why? You can be what you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the inventor of the next Internet or a cheap and poet cartoonist -- which would be awesome, because it would be the first one.
If after this spectacular list, they still instigated. No, no, Cameron, I want to be a model, then I say, I know my boss, I know.
Because I'm not in charge of anything, and you could be the resident chief of the American Roman magazine or executive HIV CEO or the next Steven Mexico.
To say that most of you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you're larger.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a job that you can choose.
I'm going to demonstrate everything I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike heart surgery, it can summarize right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Sadly, once you have done your studies, and you have a curve and a few jobs to your back, no matter what you say, that you want to be president of the United States, but your curriculum said, model for 10 years, people would look at you.
The next question that people always do is if all of the pictures are released.
And yes, you just get all the pictures, but that's just a small part of what happens.
This was the first picture they took me, and also the first time I used a bike, and I didn't even have my period.
I know we're entering the personal field, but it was a girl.
So I light together to my grandmother a few months earlier.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am in a couple of days before the photos for the French village.
So here I am with my football team and the magazine.
And this is me today.
And I hope you realize that I'm not in those pictures.
They are creations of a group of professionals, penetrations, marginals, photographers and statistics, and all of their aid and pretty pretty positive and post-conflict, and they managed to create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always make me is: Do you get free things?
I have too much 20 inches and I never use, except the previous pair -- but the privilege that I get are the ones that get in real life, and we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and I once went to a store and I forgot to take money, and they gave me the free.
When I was a teenager, I traveled with my friend who was a driven partner, and he jumped up a season in red and, of course, they stood up, and he was sorry to be able to be able to continue to drive.
I enjoy these privilege for me, not for what I am. And there are people who are paying a price for their aspect no matter who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, from the 14,000 teenagers who were given and recorded, 86 percent were black and Latino and most of them were young men.
And there are only 175,000 black young people in New York City, so for them, it's not a matter of standing up?
But how many times would you stop me? And what?
When I research for this talk, I learned that 53 percent of 13 girls in the United States don't like their body, and that number goes to 75 percent at 17.
So the last question that people make me is: How is the life of a model?
And I think the answer you expect is: If you're a little bit thinner and you have the brightest hair, you feel very happy and great.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe it looks like.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible to be able to work with creative and ingenious and passionate people.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras -- what I have never said in front of them, is: I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about my aspect every day.
And if you ever ask yourself, with some more thin legs and the brightest hair, will it be happier.
They only have to meet with a group of models, because they have the more thin legs, the brightest hair and the most in the fashion -- but probably it's the most physically insecure women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to analyze a situation of racial and gender oppression when I am one of the greatest bees.
If there's something that comes back from this talk, I hope you all feel more comfortable by recognizing the power of the image in the perception that we have from success and failure.
Thank you.
The photograph has been my passion since I was the biggest enough to get a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 more precious pictures -- and I didn't go to me who I put them.
There were no artistic directors, no essentially, no opportunity to repeat the pictures, not even a minimum care in the illumination of it.
In fact, most of them were taken by random tourists.
My story starts when I found in New York City to give a population, my wife took me this picture holding my daughter in the day of his first birthday. That's the corner of 57 and five percent.
He gave the chance that we came back to New York just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When I approached the third birthday of my daughter, my wife told me, why don't you take you to Side to New York in a paradox trip and continue the ritual?
This is when we started asking the tourists to pass out the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete stranger is so universal.
No one has been denied and fortunately, no one has been done with the camera.
So we were not aware of how much life is going to change this journey.
It became something sacred for us.
This photo is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day that a five-year-old could understand it.
These pictures are much more than representations of a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop time in a week of October and make us reflect about our time and our evolution over the years, and not only at the physical level, but in all the senses.
Because even though we always take the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter will come up with new holes, and I can see life through his eyes and how to perceive and interact with everything.
That time in concrete that we spend together is something we hope with illusion all year.
Recently, in one of the trips -- we were walking up, when suddenly it stopped in dry and pointed out a red pad of the wrist store that would love small in previous visit.
And I described what had felt at five years of foot in that same place.
I began to remember his heart paralyzed with strength to see that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what I look at in New York are universities, because it's decided to study in New York.
And suddenly I understand that one of the most important things we create is memories.
So I want to share the idea of actively engaging in conscious memories of memories.
I don't know about you, but apart from these 15 pictures, it doesn't go out in many of the family pictures.
I am always the one who takes the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to come up in the picture, and you don't want to go through somebody and ask you to ask it, does it take a picture up?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
Horries are in the most threatened bird group.
First of all, why do they have so bad pressure?
It also has been associated with Distillan laughter, as a minds of minds, silly characters, stupid.
More recently, if you've been following the laughter of laughter, applause and equivalent these are the attributes that you associate with the Kenyan Park, but I don't accept it.
Don't accept. You know why?
Because the members of Parliament don't keep clean the environment --  -- the paralyzed don't help prevent disease spread.
They're a little bit of monkeys.   They're far from extinct.  And my favorite, the buildings have better presence --  -- there are two kinds of furniture on this planet.
There are the New World women who are mostly found in the Americas, like the corrections and the shoes of the Old World -- where we have 16 species -- of these 16, 11 facing a high risk of extinction.
So why are the buildings important? First of all, provide vital ecological services.
They're our natural garbage collaborators.
They clean up the cadavers to the bone.
They help kill all the bacteria helping to absorb the needle that not being extended and causing large losses of livestock and diseases in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no borned, the cadavers take three to four times longer in description, and this has huge ramifications in the spread of disease.
Honests also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated with the old Egyptian culture.
Neanderthal was the symbol of the protest and the maternity and, along with the covered, showed the unit between the high and the Lower Egypt.
In the Indian mythology, Jack was the woman gay, and he risked his life to save the good god of the 10 Hairy Heads density.
In the Tibetan culture, they are done very important to bury open sky, in places like Tibet. There's no place to bury the dead, or wood to create them, so these buildings provide a natural eliminating system.
What's the problem with the furniture?
We have eight species of furniture in Kenya, which six are on extreme extinction.
The reason is that they're being invented, and the reason they are being involved is because there are conflicts between humans and fantasy. The polar communities use this venom against predators, and as a result, the buildings are victims of this.
In Southern Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of furniture are on the critical list of endangered danger, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years, and the reason is because they fall prey of livestock that has been treated with an analog drug like Dictator.
This drug has been banned for veterinarians in India, and they've taken a position.
Because there is no bulls, there has been a spread in the number of street dogs in the cards of cards, and when you have a street dogs, you have a huge amount of time for radio. The number of Randologue cases has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the largest wind parks in Africa, 353 airport, they're going to be above the lake.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments because wind turbines do this to birds. They cut them in half.
They're some bird trials.
In Western Africa, there's a horrible trade of dead furniture to serve the script and the facility market.
So what are you doing? Well, we're researching these birds. We're making a transformation.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel by different countries, so focusing on a local problem is not going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments in regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about looking at the borned, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and the services that they provide.
How can you help? It can be active, make noise -- you can write a letter to your government and tell you we have to focus on these very intuitive creatures. donate their time to spread the word. They spread the word.
When they come out of this room, they are informed on the bores, but they talk to their families, with their children, with their neighbors on the farms.
They are very elegant, Charles Darwin said that he changed the opinion because he saw them flying without effort, no energy spending in the sky.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do and all I do profits, my life, has been shaped for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
Since 1970 to 1977, Liberit, young man, but I am no longer --  I worked in Zambia, Kenya, Cote from Mary, Argentina and Somalia, in technical cooperation projects with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO and every project we set up in Africa.
And I was pretty perfectly.
I thought, at the age of 21, the Italians were good people and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead of that, everything we put on the antibiotics.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, "The Zambia of Zambia, was a project where we decided to teach the people from Zambia to grow food.
So, we got with Italian seeds in South Zambia. This absolutely magnificent valley that goes down to the Zillar River, and teach local to grow Italian tomatoes and charges, and ...
Of course, people were not at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they didn't exist.  We were amazed that the local ones, in so fragile valley, had no agriculture.
However, instead of asking questions how it was possible that we didn't grow anything, we just said, "Thank God to God we're here --  "The time to save people from Zambia of hunger."
And of course, everything in Africa was beautifully.
We got these magnificent tables. In Italy, a tomato will grow this size. In Zambia, this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the supplies, "Look how easy agriculture is.
When the tomatoes were beautiful, mature and red, at night in the morning, about 200 hypothesis appeared from the river and ate everything.  And we said, "Oh, my God, the Higgs?
And the breathing said, "Yes, that's why we don't have agriculture here."  "Why don't you say, "I should never ask.
I thought only we Italians made mistakes in Africa, but then I saw what Americans did -- what the English did, what English did, what the French did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud about our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the hypothesis.
You should see the disappointing --  You should see the waste that we gave them the conferences of Africa.
He wants to read a book, read "The Death Dead," from Danny Moscow, economists arrived.
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western donors -- we've delivered the African continent two million dollars over the last 50 years.
I won't tell you about damage that that money has caused it.
Just read your book.
Landel from part of an African woman, the damage we've done.
The Westerners are implementing, relative missions, and we treat people only in two ways, or we passed them, or we are patents.
The two words come from the Latin Lake "complete" -- which means "relate" means.
However, it means two different things.
Patrians, I treat any of a different culture as if they were my kids, "I want a lot of it."
Passion, I treat everyone in a different culture as if they were my services.
So the white in Africa are called "The chief "Wow."
That book gave me a slap in the face -- "The small is beautiful, written by Scheller, who said about all economic development, if people don't want to be helped -- sends alone.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is breathing.
This morning, the gentleman opening this conference put a cane on the ground and said, can you be able to imagine a city that is not neurological?
I decided at the age of 27, only to respond to people, and invented a system called Facebook Company where you never started nothing, you never motivate anyone, but it becomes a surface of the local passion, the service of the local people who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what do you do? You shut down.
You never get a community with an idea, and you sit with the people in the location.
We don't work from the office.
We get together in a coffee -- we met in a pub.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give you an idea to someone.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what is going to do you?
The passion that she has for his own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that that man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then, we help them find knowledge because nobody in the world can succeed alone.
The person with the idea may not have the knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea, and why not us, for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not?
I'll tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
entrepreneurs never come up, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity they've identified about.
So, planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't attend their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face-to-face -- you have to create social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You should create a new profession.
The profession is the family doctor of the company, the business family doctor, which is established with you in your house, at the table of your kitchen, and that helps you find the resources to transform your passion in a way of making life.
I started this as a test in Sput, Western Australia.
I was doing a Ph.D. at that time, trying to get away from this confident garbage where we came to tell you what to do.
In one year, I had 27 projects, and the government came to me to see to ask, "How can you do that?"
How can you do it? And I said, "There's something very, very, very hard.
I fell down and hear them    So the government says, "Give up."  We have done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped 40,000 businesses.
There is a new generation of entrepreneurs who are dying of substance.
Peter Dragon, one of the greatest corporate support of history, passed the 96 years ago, a few years ago.
Peter Dragon was a philosophy professor before we got involved in business, and this is what Peter Dragon says -- "The planning is actually incompatible with a society and an environmental company economy?
planning is the kiss of the death of the business spirit.
So now you have to rebuild Christians without knowing what the most attractive people in Christians want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to engage with you.
You have to offer the private conservation, it has to be fantastic to help you, and then it will come up in mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community from 400,000 people, intelligence and passion?
What do you pretend to do more this tomorrow?
Local people. That's what you have closed.
So what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We are at the end of the first industrial revolution -- non-violent fossils -- and at a moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The French as a way of holding machines is not sustainable.
What we need to consider, is how we eliminate ourselves, clouds, we transmit, we communicate to seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invent technology for the green revolution, university? Obviously.
Government? Obviously.
They'll be entrepreneurs and they're doing it now.
There's a powerful story that I read in a future magazine many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in 1880.
And in the 18th year, this group of people came together, and they were speculating about what happens to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was unintended, New York City didn't exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they looked at the curve and pointed out, if the population keeps growing up to this rate, to bring the population in New York to all around us, it would require six million horses, and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to address it.
They were already analyzed in stress.  So in 1860, they were divided this dirty technology that observed New York life.
So what happens? In the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States appeared 100 self-driving companies, 100.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few -- scale, factories in places that are approaching.
Derek, Michael Ford Ford.
However, there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First, you have to offer conservative.
Otherwise, they won't come to conversation with you.
Then you have to offer you a absolute, dedicated service service.
And then you're going to have to tell you the truth with the deal with it.
The smallest company, the largest company, has to be able to do three magnificent things, the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to count with a fantastic marketing and you have to count with a great financial administration.
Guess what?
We've never met a single human being in the world that I can do, selling and search for money alone.
No exist.
This is still not born.
We have research and looked at the 100 icons of the Carnegie world, Western Westerners, Edison, Ford -- all the new companies, Google, Gold.
There's only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, only one. No one was initiated by one person.
Never the word "I was, but the word "These "workshops," 32 times.
He wasn't just when he started.
Nobody begins a company alone. No one.
So we can create the community where we have factors, who come from an environment of small businesses sitting in catastrophes, in bars next to their dedicated shrimp who will do for you, what someone did for this gentleman who talks about this experiment, someone who asked you, what does it need?
What can you do? You can do it?
Well, can you sell it? Can you look for the money?
"Oh, no, I can't do that, "I want you to look for someone to look for someone?
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Those around us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't know a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years, I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like authors, planning and chalk.
These projects came from questions like how much my neighbors pay for their approaches?
How can we pause and ask more things without calling the door in a bad moment?
How do we share more memories from our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape?
How do we share our hopes to the empty stores so that our communities can reflect today and our dreams today?
I live in New Orleans, and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with the giant lines that give shadow to lovers and traffic and stations for centuries and trust in a city.
That always gives it to the music.  There's a decline in New Orleans.  The city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with the largest amount of abandoned property properties.
I live near this house and I thought about how I could turn it into a more nice space for the neighborhood and also something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost somebody who loved a lot.
It was John, as a mother for me.
His death was replaced and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this made me a deep gratitude for the time living in it.
It gave me clarity to the significant things of my current life.
But I grew up to keep this look in my daily life.
I think it's easy to let me catch for the day and forget the really important thing for one.
So with the help of old and new friends transformed the wall of this house abandoned in a giant and painted street about her phrases to complete -- "Before to die I want?
So transportations could take a chain, reflect about their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to wait for this experiment, but the next day the wall was replaced and kept covered.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
"Before of dying, I want to be judged for pirate pieces:  "Before of dying I want to sit on the flag line of change?
"Before of dying, I want to sing for millions of people.
"Before to die I want to plant a tree.
"Before of dying I want to live outside the Web.
"Before to die I want to hug it once again and more and more time.
"Before of dying, I want to go to someone's rescue.
"Before to die I want to be completely myself."
This abandoned space became constructive and dreams and hopes of people made me laugh to cartoons, and they were sharing me, and they gave me a lot of hard times.
It's about knowing that you're not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new and scalever ways -- it's about giving the reflection to the reflection and consciousness, and remembering what the most important thing for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started receiving hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues in the civic center we made a kit and now women have been done in countries around the world, like Kazakhstan, South Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together, we demonstrate the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our age, it's more important than ever, to find ways to preserve perspective and remember that life is brief.
death is something that we often avoid talking about, or even thinking, but I understood that preparing for death is one of those things that make us more power.
Think about death clarify our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect what matters to us as individuals and as a community and more means to share hope, fear and stories, the people around us cannot only help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a single request today.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my sisters.
Remind is 22 years old, it's high and very guided.
He doesn't talk about, but they transmit joy better than some of the best speakers.
Reeg knows what love is.
I share it interpretent what happens.
It's not about approach. It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
It doesn't care about religious differences and insight in this, it's never lied.
When I sing the songs of our childhood, trying to forecast words that I couldn't even get to me, it reminds me how little we know about the mind and the wonderful thing that must be the unknown.
Samuel is 16 years old. It's very hard.
It has the most compelling memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
I don't remember if I stole my chocolate, but I remember the year I came out of one of the songs of my iPod -- conversations that we kept when I was four years old, I'm going to be standing in my arm during the first episode of the Telescope and the Lady Gaga birthday.
Does it look amazing?
But most people don't agree with.
And in fact, because their minds don't fit into the concept of society, they're often ignored and intuitive.
But what I pushed to my heart and strength my soul was that even if that was the case, although I wouldn't consider them inside of the ordinary thing, that could only mean one thing: they were extraordinary, autistic and extraordinary.
Now, for those less familiar with the term "the company is a complex brain disorder that affects social communication, learning and sometimes physical skills.
In every individual in individual it is manifestationally in each individual that Remind is so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the disorders of development that faster increases in the world, there is no cause or a heart cancer.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without him.
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new self in my life.
When I spent a few months, I realized that he was different.
Great so much.
I didn't want to play like the other babies and, in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me at all.
He was living and queen in his own world, with his own rules, and he found pleasure on the smaller things, like putting the cars around the room, looking at the washing machine, looking at the washing machine, eating anything that would be between average.
As I grew up, it became more different, and the differences became more evident.
But beyond the bears, frustration and highly independent hypothesis, there was something really unique, a pure and innocent nature, a child who saw the world without prejudice. A human being.
extraordinary.
I can't deny that there have been some difficult moments in my family, times in which I would have wished that they were just like me.
But I look back to the things that have taught me about individuality, communication and love, and I realize that they're things that I wouldn't want to change for normal.
Normal goes through the beauty that makes us differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It just means there's a different view of what is right.
If I could transmit one thing to laugh and Sam and you would be, you don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autistic or not, the differences we have -- they're a donor. They are one of us, each of us has a gift in its inner and honestly, the pursuit of normal is the last sacrifice of the potential.
The opportunity for greatness -- progress and change dies at the time when we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit of what has been to be Alice in the country of Wonders.
Penn State asked me to me, a communications professor, who gave a kind of communication to graduate students.
I was scared.  Assani of these students with their big minds, their big books and their big books and unknown words.
But by developing those conversations, I felt what Alice should have felt when he fell through the colony hole and saw the door of a new world.
I just felt when I had those conversations with students, I was surprised by the ideas they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a great communication.
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our largest challenges of energy to the environment and health care of health, between others, and if we don't know about this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as scientists having these interactions.
But these big conversations can't happen if our scientists and engineers don't invite us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that your science is sexy.
First question to answer, and then what?
Tell us why science is relevant to us.
They don't tell us that they study the strategies, but they study the jobs, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat officers.
And when they're describing their science, care with the jargon.
And it's an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say "The and temporary -- but why not saying "and and time, which is much more accessible to us."
To make them accessible is not the same thing as being touched.
Instead, as Einstein said, that everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without compromise the ideas.
One thing to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies -- are ways of testing and excited with their content.
And when you present your work, forget the signs of "The "The Singles."
They have wondered why they're called "The Bay --  What do the balls do? The bullets kill them, and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it supports too much in the language area of our brain and opened us.
Instead, this example of Jennifer Brown is much more effective, showing that the special structure of the strategies is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower, actually.
The trick here is to use a simple sentence that the public can understand if you lose a little bit, and then you provide graphs that are attached to our other senses and you think a deeper sense of understanding what you're describing for.
I think these are just some key that can help us open the door and look at the country of the wonders that science and engineering.
And so, scientists and engineers, when they've solved this equation, for all media, obviously obviously --  Thank you.
One of my favorite words of the entire Oxford of English is "a Knowledge one?
Just because it sounds very good.
And Karlikables, it means "baby drugs."
Even though there was a periodical editor of the 19th century, that the definition much better when he said, "A Saturday, is that it looks for a public payload no matter a party, platform or principle, and that, when I win, I get it for the mere use of a monitor validated back into a retina valve retreat?
I have no idea what "she's "a "computers?
Something to do with words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all politicians know they have to try to dominate language.
It wasn't until for example, 1771 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were said in the parliamentary camera.
And all of this was because of the bravery of a guy with the name of Bruno Crost, who faced the Parliament.
He got stuck in the London Tower and they were really increasingly, but he had enough courage to face them, and eventually he had such a popular support in London that he won.
And just a few years later, we had the first recorded use of the phrase "The ball like the metal."
Most people think it's literature.
It's not. It's a advocate of freedom of expression.
But to actually show you how words and politics interact, I want you to go back to America, right after independence, right after independence, right after independence, right after independence.
So they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country?
This is debate in Congress for a long time.
All kinds of suggestions that could have free.
Some of you wanted to call it "The State of State Washington, and others, "There's Germany George Washington, and other "World of the Western People in the Washington Washington."
Not very transformed.
Some just wanted to call it "I "make "China."
They thought it was a quality of it.
And not even with it were monitors, they had the idea that you could be elected King for a certain term.
And I could have served it.
Everybody's tired intense, because this debate is produced for three weeks.
I read the newspaper of a poor Senator and I always wrote, "All with this thing."
What caused the cortex, and the fact was that the Republican House was against the Senate.
The House of Representatives didn't want Washington to be able to be able to be power.
They didn't want to call it the king of him or his own ideas.
So they wanted to give you the most modest title and more inefficient and more literal than it was happening.
And that title was "Finance."
President. They didn't invent the title -- it existed before, but it only meant "a present to present."
It was like the president of a jury.
And I didn't have much more graduating than the term "complete" or "self-confidence."
There were evidence of small colonial and government facility -- but it was really an incompatible title.
And so the Senate is obsessed.
They said, "It's ridiculous, we can't call it President."
"This guy has to sign treated and meet with foreign digital."
Who would take a serious title, and inconsistent as president of America?
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't fall.
We can learn three interesting things about this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I've been able to figure out, the Senate has never been forced by the title of President.
President Barack Obama is lucky to keep there, waiting for the Senate between action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary --  -- we can keep waiting for 212 years.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and with this, I want to leave you, is that the U.S. president title doesn't sound so modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads to decisions, the largest economy in the world and a fleet of aerial aerial vehicles and so on.
The reality and history have moved to the title of graphics.
So that finally won the Senate.
They got their temperature title.
And also the other concern of the Senate -- the appearance of universal, well, it was a uniqueness by then.
But you know how many nations have now president?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who has 5,000 nuclear heads and so on.
So at the end of the Senate won and the Charles of Republicans lost, because no one is going to feel humility when they tell them that they are now the U.S. President now.
And I think that's the great lesson we can learn, and I would like to leave you.
The politicians try to choose and use words to shape and control reality, but really, the word reality much more than the words that these things could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to feet under land in a illegal mine in Ghana.
The air is charged with heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the rock of sub-Saharan bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that talk about, but above all, that cat of male tools and stones with primitive tools.
Like the others, it takes a cheap light line in the head with this anti-powered elastic and I can barely distinguish the branches of branches that hold the walls of that hole of a meter that fell hundreds of meters on the ground.
And my hand was residential and suddenly I remember a minute I met days before I lost control and fell up countless meters in that position.
As I talk to you today, these men are in the depths of that hole risk their lives without paying and reward and often dying.
I went out of that hole and I went home, but they may never do it, because they're prey from slavery.
In the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents, and, in 2009, I had the great honor to be the only exhibition at the Vancouver Peace Camera.
Among all the amazing people I met there, I met a "The Street inside, a NGO that is devoted to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and, really, I started learning about slavery because I knew that existed in the world, but not such a degree away.
When we finished talking to me, I felt very bad, honestly I was embarrassed to ignore this approach of our days and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
I came up with the stomach and weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the director of "The Street and offer my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I had been in many of these places.
Some of them, even I considered them my second home.
But this time, I set up the dirty trials.
A conservative calculation says that there are currently over 27 million people in the world.
It's twice the amount of Africans displaced throughout the whole treaty of transformative slaves.
150 years ago, the cost of an agricultural slave was about three times the annual salary of an American worker.
The equivalent of about 50,000 dollars today.
However, today, you can enslave entire families for generations for delicious debt for 18 dollars.
Surprisingly, slavery generates profits from more than 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many have been fooled with false properties of good education and better work to find that they are forced to work without paying violence, under violence and can't escape.
Today slavery operates in trade, goods produced by slaves have value, but who produce them are desperate.
slavery exists in almost everybody and yet it's illegal all over the world.
In India and Nepal, I met brick boats.
This strange and formidable show was like entering the ancient Egypt or David Chen.
Interesting in a temperature of 54 C, men, women, children, in fact, the entire families wrapped in a heavy dust of dust, much millimeters arrested in their head, to 18 at a time, and they take them from the additional forests to trucks that are hundreds of meters.
They went through the monitoring and the tired work in silence, doing this task over and over again for 16 or 17 hours a day.
There was no pause to eat, not to drink, and the severe malnutrition made it pee out very intrinsically.
And so perfect was the heat and the dust that my camera became too warm to the touch, and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes I had to run the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning to revive and, sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the boats I wanted to cry, but the animal who was on my side quickly grabbed me and said, "Well, don't do it. Don't do it here."
And I explained very clearly that demonstrating emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me but for them.
I couldn't offer any direct aid.
I couldn't give them money, nothing.
I was not a citizen of that country.
I could put it in a worse situation than they were already.
I had to rely on "The Street and work within the system for their release and trust that they would get it.
In terms of me, I waited to get home to feel my heart service.
In the Himalayas, I found kids throwing rocks for miles by mountain terrain to trucks that were waiting down.
Those big plants were more heavy than the kids who cut them and the kids were holding them into their heads with emails made from sticks, ropes and makers.
It's hard to witness something so overwhelmed.
How can we influence something so insignificant, but so unexpected?
Some people don't even know that they're slaves -- they work 16 or 17 hours a day without paying it, because this has been all their life.
They have nothing with what to compare to.
When these villages were reconnected their freedom, the slaves burn their homes.
By hearing the word slavery we often think of sexual traffic and because of this global consciousness to me that it would be hard for me to work with security in this particular business.
In Kathmandu, I became women who had been previously sexual slavery.
They drove me for some ancient stairs that were going to this dirty basement, of the fluorescent light.
It wasn't exactly an art.
It was rather a restaurant.
Brochers, as you know in the craft, are local for forced prostitution.
They have small rooms, private rooms, where the slaves match their girls and kids, some of just seven years, are forced to go to the clients and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Each of them is dark and dirty, identified by a painted number on the wall and divided by a birth and a curtain.
workers often suffer sexual abuse in their clients.
From foot in the membrane, I remember feeling a fear acute fear, and at that instant, I could barely imagine what should be to be stuck in that infection.
I only had a salt, the stairs.
There were no stickers left.
There were no big enough windows like to climb up.
Those people don't have a little scandal, and because we take a topic that hard, it's important to point out that slavery even sexual traffic happens around us.
There are hundreds of people in agriculture, in restaurants, in the domestic service and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children sold every year as sex slaves.
It happens everywhere, but we don't see it.
Textiles is another activity that we often relate to the labor of slave labor.
I visited Indian villages where there were whole families in the trade trade.
This is a family portrait here.
The typical hands of black are from the father, blue and red, of their children.
They mix televisions in these big barrels and add the silk into the liquid to the countries, but the texture is toxic.
My performer told me their stories.
We don't have freedom, they said.
"We are waiting for us yet, yet being able to get out of this house someday and go somewhere else where we really pay us our work.
It's estimated that there are more than 4,000 children in the Lake Valley, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a fish of fish in a boat, two older brothers, some younger kids -- makes sense right?
Wrong. They were all slaves.
Kids are separated from their traditional families, they disappeared, and forced them to work on extinct officials in these boats in the lake, despite not knowing swimming.
This boy is eight years old.
When our boat came up was shooting, it feared that his little canoe was embassy.
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling into water.
The reports branches from the trees in Lake Valley often catching networks and children and farmers and fears, they thrown into water to unleash the branches.
A lot of them sell.
Since it remember, it's always been forced to work in the lake.
As a fear of their love is not going to flee and like all life has been treated with crime, critical tries to the younger slaves under their hand.
I met these guys at five in the morning, when they came up with the latest networks, but they had been working from the one.
It's the cold and very windy night.
And it has to point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're packed out of fish.
I want to introduce you to Kiber.
Kofi was rescued in a fishing village.
I met it in a shelter where "The Steven Steven release activity of slavery.
Kibera survives possible.
Who will come to be because someone decided to make the difference in their life?
They drove by a road in Ghana with partners of "The Street," an Aboriginal roommate with his sudden suddenly and superstack our car and played the window.
We asked us to follow it for a path of land to the jungle.
At the end of the way, he pushed us out of the car, and he asked the driver to come out quickly.
Then he pointed out this sense barely visible and said, "This is the way, this is the path. Let's go."
As we started to go down, we took away the survivors that blocked the road and after walking around one hour we found that the path was blown up by the recent rain, so I put the photo team on my head as we walked on these waters to the chest.
After two hours of walking, the picture was finished in a clear, and we had a mass of holes that I could fit in a football field and all of them were filled with slavery.
Many women had children strapped to their backs, and as they were looking for gold in their backs, they were walking in water water with mercury water.
The market is used in the extraction process.
These miners are enslaved in a place in another part of Ghana.
When they came out of the wells they were pushed in their own sweat.
I remember looking at his eyes, irritable eyes, because many had been underground for 72 hours.
The wells are up to 90 feet and these people are carrying heavy oil bags that then will be transported to another area where the stone is made so they can extract gold.
To the first view, the site seems to be filled with strong men and visualizations, but if we look closer at it, to the margin we see to work to other less lucky lucky and also children.
They're all lesions and disease and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ends up like this victim victim and the medicine in a few years.
This is Mandela. When his father died, his uncle took him to work with him in the mines.
When you die your uncle, Mandela will inherit the debt of what force it to be slave in the mines.
When I met him, I was working in the miners 14 years and the leg injury that you see here is product of an accident in the mine so severe that doctors said it should be ambitious.
In addition to that, Mandela has tuberculosis, and yet it is forced to work night and day in that mine.
Yet, he dream about being released and educated with local activists like "The Street The Street, and it's this kind of determination, from face to remote possibility, which inspires me a lot of respect.
I want to shine light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen by you all over the world.
I wanted them to know that we will give witness to them, and we would do everything possible to help change their lives.
I simply believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not magazines. They're from people, real people, like you, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There's no day that I happen that I don't think of these many beautiful people, materials, that I've had the great honor to know.
I hope that these images will wake up a force in which you see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force will turn a fire, and that fire turns light on slavery because, without that light, the beast of slavery can continue living in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do an app math and there's a peculiar problem for who we do, we are like management consumers.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So today, I'll try to explain what I do.
dance is one of the most human activities.
We set up the viruses of the ballet and the classroom dancers that we'll see later.
But the ballet demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of dexterity and probably a certain initial amount that can be a genetic component.
Unfortunately, neurological disorders like Parkinson's evil destroyed this extraordinary ability, as it does with my friend Jane Street who, in his time, was a virus dancing partners.
In the last few years, a lot of progress has been progress in treatment.
However, there are six million people in the world who are sick, and they have to deal with an incurable weakness, temperatures, stiffness and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in the way, and ultimately, the only way we're going to know if there is really a cure to be when we have an objective and closed method.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson's and other disorders of movement there are no biological markers -- so they don't serve the blood analysis and the best we have is a 20 minutes.
You have to go to a clinic to do it. It's very, very expensive, and that means that, outside the clinical trials -- they never do.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a distinctive journey to the clinic. What if patients could do the exam themselves.
You wouldn't need a staff.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic.
So what I want to ask you as a way not a conventional way to try and try and see in some sense at least -- we're all virtual as my friend Jane Street.
This is a video of the vibration of vocal strings.
It shows someone healthy while it emits sounds as we speak. We can imagine as dancers of a vocal ballet because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sound, and we all have the genes needed -- the Fish, for example.
And, as the ballet requires a level of extraordinary training.
So let's think about the time you take a child to learn how to speak.
From the sound, we can track the position of vocal strings as they vibrate -- and how Parkinson's affects the limbs.
On the bottom line you can see an example of the irregular temperature of vocal strings.
We see the same symptoms.
Ladies and region.
The speech becomes more quiet and approved after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do these tests compare in the voice with the specialized clinical trials -- well, both of them are non-violent.
The neurological test is not invasive -- both use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do it.
Both of them are accurate -- well, but also testing tests are not specialized in voice.
I mean, you can be a self-assembly.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds as much as a lot.
It's lower cost, and we all know what happens.
And when something comes up with a cost so low, it appears to massive scale.
These are some amazing goals to address it.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
You wouldn't have to go to the clinic for the routine chain.
With high frequencies, we could get objective data.
We could do the low cost of low cost for clinical trials, and for the first time, fluids on a general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking at the first biomaterials of disease before it's too late.
So by giving today the first steps in that sense, we're launching the vocal Progress Initiative.
Together to Salak and Pakistan, we want to register a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start addressing these goals.
We have local lines accessible for about 750 million people in the world.
Any one with Parkinson's or without Parkinson's, it can call low price and let me record for a few cents, and I was pleased to announce that we've reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you.   Tom Rielly: So Max takes all these samples of, let's say 10,000 people, can you say who's healthy and who doesn't?
What will you take out of these samples?
Max Link: Yeah, yeah. What happens is that during the call you have to indicate whether or not you have the disease. TR: Sure.
MR: You see, some people may not happen. You may not finish it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances -- and do it in different circumstances is important because we're looking for the conference factors in pursuit of the actual markers of disease.
TR: Do you have an 86 percent accuracy right now.
MR: Much more than that.
Actually, my student Talks, I have to advertising it, has done a fantastic job -- and now has shown that it works in the mobile phone network as well, which is going to bring the project. We now have 99 percent accuracy.
TR: Now November and nine. Well, it's an improvement.
MA: Of course.
TR: Thank you very much. Max Litzerly, audience.
MR: Thank you. Tom.
Before March 2011, I was doing photographic records in New York City.
We're piece creatures, gray creatures.
We hide in the dark, in room without windows and usually avoid sunlight.
We make the model even more skinny, the perfect skin even more perfect we do the impossible, possible and criticize in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with talent with many years of experience and real taste for images and photography.
On March 11, 2011, I saw from my house, just like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happen in Japan.
Shortly later, an organization where it was voluntary -- there Hans Valley, was in the place working as part of the response team.
I, along with hundreds of other volunteers we knew we couldn't be sitting at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13 travel to Obama.
It's a little particle village located in the preference of the U.K. preference of almost 50,000 people, one of the first villages affected by the waves.
The register water level reached over 24 feet of height, and more than three miles inside.
As you can imagine, the village was devastated.
We took rubble from the channels and the boards.
We clean schools, we take the slime up and leave the houses ready to be renovated and refrigerator.
We take tons and tons of dead fish -- applied, lowering the local factory.
We tested and loved us.
For weeks, both the volunteers like the neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and pictures of photographs and cameras and cards AIDS.
They all did the same thing.
They collect and take them to different places of the villages around us to get them.
It wasn't until I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that those people had suffering.
As he got from the wave, and to save their lives, they had to abandon absolutely everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started to help in a village assessment center.
He helped to clean the bathrooms the enormous, glamorous games.
This place turned out to be the place of the village where the engineering center picks the photos.
And there they took them, and I had the honor that that day trust me to clean the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring -- I had heard the expression of thinking beyond the horizon, but it wasn't until I brought myself my horizons that something happened.
When I looked at the pictures, I found some that had over a hundred years of some still in the top of the lab, I couldn't avoid thinking as a reconstruction how to fix that rate and repair that trait and know hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night came into Facebook contacted with some of them, and the next morning the answer was so overwhelming and positive -- that I knew we had to try.
So we started collecting the photos.
This was the first of all.
It wasn't too stranger, but where the water had distributed the face of the girl should be fixed with a lot of precision and delicious.
In other ways, that little girl would not have the aspect of her itself, and that would be as tragic as having the wrong picture.
Over time, they came up with a lot more photos, and they needed more reconstructional -- so I walked back on Facebook and Linux and five days later, 80 people of 12 countries volunteered to help.
Within two weeks, I had 150 people who were willing to join me.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Riviliarizing -- a neighboring village north of Japan.
Once a week we used our scanner in the temporal photographic libraries that had been installed where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time they took in the control is a different story, depending on assumptions of the picture of photos.
It could make an hour. It could involve weeks.
It could involve months.
This moment had to draw virtually by hand using the areas whose color and detail of the water didn't destroy water.
It took a long time.
The water destroyed all these pictures underwater in saltwater water, bacteria, with algae -- even with oil -- all of it along with the past of the time continues to destroy them, so clean by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't pick up the picture unless it was clean, dry and have been recognized by his owner yet.
We had luck with the cleaning by hand.
We tell the guidance of an admiration neighbors.
It's very easy to harm the pictures already decade.
As World once said, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman that brought us these pictures were lucky in relation to photos.
He had begun to clean her and she stopped realizing that the damage even more.
I also had double.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face would not be able to rebuild it, we could bend the images in a single picture and pick up the whole picture.
When he picks up his pictures shared something from his story with us.
A few colleagues of her husband found the pictures in a fire station between the spiders that were pretty far away from where their house used to be home, but their colleagues would recognize it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the completely closed the barriers to the waves.
He had to go inside the water while the symptoms sounded like.
Their little kids, not so small now, but their two children were in school, in different school.
One of them was stuck in the water.
He took a week to find his entire family and know that they had all survived.
The day he gave her pictures his youngest son 14 years old.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift I could do, something that he could go back to look, something that he could remember from the past that had not been beaten by that March day when everything in his life changed or destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined there, hundreds of them helped us to clean up more than 13,000 pictures -- the great majority -- -- the great majority came back into their own hands.
More than 500 volunteers around the world helped us to get back to 90 hundreds of completely restaurant photos and released.
Over this time, we don't really spend more than 1,000 dollars in teams and materials, most of the ink for printer.
We take pictures constantly.
One photo is a memory of someone or something, a place, a relationship, someone dear it.
They are guards of our memories and stories, the last thing we will take -- but the first thing we would get back to look for.
And about this was the project, to restore small pieces of humanity, to give someone their connection to the past.
When a picture like this gets to somebody, it makes a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also made a huge difference in the life of reconstructions.
Some of them connected to something bigger, to give something bigger, using their talent for something that won't be thin models of perfect skin.
So I would end up like reading this email -- I sent it City the day I came from Japan after six months.
As I denied, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories showed in the images.
One particular one, a picture with women from different ages from the grandmother to the small girl, gathered around a baby, completely completed, because a photo similar from my family my grandmother, my mother, me and my daughter recently born out of our wall.
In the whole world, in all the few of our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.  applause ...
Twelve Eric inspired us awe and curious with this picture of a bullet that goes through an apple in an exhibition of only one million seconds.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion dollars per second.
I presented a new kind of photograph, the female, a new technique that can create videos in slow camera in motion.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the corners, beyond the line of vision, or see the inside of the body without using X-rays, and they really challenge the idea of camera.
If I take a laser picture and turn it up and fit in a second or a way, in several memories creating a package of pictures of just one millimeter wide.
And that patent patent, that balance, travel at the speed of light, and, again, a million times faster than a common balance.
If we take that bullet and this package of photons and shoot it in this bottle, how do those photons spread into this bottle?
What's the aspect of light in slow camera?
Now, all of this --   Remember that all this happens effectively in less than a nanometer is what it takes to travel the light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see light in motion.
Coke doesn't add this research.  So many things in this movie, described this information to show what's going on.
The pulse, our balance, comes into the bottle, with a package of photons that start to go through it, and that, inside, starts to start.
Part of the light is forced, it goes to the table, and we started seeing these applications.
Many of the photons finally come to the cap and then explode in several directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble that bounces inside.
At that time, the waves travel on the table and because of the reflection of the top you see at the bottom of the bottle, after several frames that reflect feedback is concentrated.
Now, if we take a common and corrupt bullet and we make it go down the same distance and we see it in the camera slow at about 10 billion times, how much do you think that it will take us sit down to see that film?
One day? A week? Actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring movie --  of a balance bullet slow.
And how about testing with nature?
You can see the waves that are supported from the table, the tomato and the wall.
It's like throwing a stone in a pond.
It's the way nature paint a picture, I think, of a fishery at a time, but of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look again at this time, you realize that, as light hits the tomato, it goes on. It doesn't darkness.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and the light bounces inside and it comes back after several billions of second.
In the future, when this farmer is in their mobile phones, they will be able to go to the supermarket and check if fruit is mature without having to touch it.
What do we create this camera at MIT?
As a photographer, you know, if we take an exposure to low exposure, it comes into very little light.
But we will get a billion times faster than the shortest exposure -- so they just enter some light.
We sent that ball -- that painting of photons -- millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very tight synaptic, we took those gigabytes of data and we were going to engage them to create those festivals that I showed you.
We can take all those data in crude and process them in an interesting way.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
What if a new power of a superheroes would allow him to see after the retirements?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door, relieve, enter the room, a part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light.
It's not science fiction. We have built it.
On the left is our magnetical.
Behind the wall there is a manipulation and the light on the door.
And after the publication of our article in Nature Communist.
And a small fraction of the photons will come back to the camera, but interestingly, slightly different times.
And as we have a camera that works so fast, our fisherman, has unique capabilities.
It has very good temporal resolution and can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door and also to the hidden objects, but we don't know what extent it corresponds to what distance.
When you project a laser, you can record a picture of a brilliant, you see on the screen, it doesn't really make any sense.
But let's take a lot of images like this, dozens of images, we put them together and try to analyze the multiple lights of light, and with that, can we see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D.
This is our reconstruction.
We have things to explore before we pull this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that will evolve with what's around the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light reflected by open windows.
Or we could build experiences able to see the inside of the body, support officials, and the same for careers.
But of course, because of the fabric and the blood this is quite difficult, so this is actually a request to scientists so that you start thinking about the computer as a new model of visualization to solve the problems of the next generation.
As Doug East, he was a scientist, he turned science in art, an art of players playing them.
I realized that all the gigabytes of data that we collect is not just scientific visualization, but we can.
It will create a new form of computer photography with slow camera and color code.
And let's look at those waves. Remember, the time between each of those waves is just a few billion seconds.
But there is also something fun as well.
If you look at the waves underneath the board, these are getting away from us.
The waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects.
The order that events occur in the world sometimes appears to invest in the camera.
Applying the corresponding demand of space and time, we can correct this distortion of it.
It's time. Thank you.
Hi. This is my mobile phone.
A cell phone can change life, and it gives you individual freedom.
With a mobile phone, it can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a cell phone, you can tweet a message in Egypt.
With a cell phone, you can record a song to go to YouTube, and make it famous.
This is all possible with a mobile.
I'm a 1980 clip in the city of Berlin.
Let's go back to that moment, to this city.
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were programmed in pursuit of a change.
This is the fall of 1989, imagine if all these people are gathering that they would be able to look for a change, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
Who has a cell phone here?
Lethal.
Raise your mobile phones.
Lethermany, an Android, a Blackberry, word.
It's a lot. Almost everyone today has a cell phone.
But today I'll talk about my cell phone, and how life changed me.
It will talk about this.
These are 35,000 lines of information.
Data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the E.U. Commission presented a director.
The Disable Red Distinction.
This director says that every European telephone company, every Internet provider all of Europe, has to store a broad range of information from users.
Who calls who, who sends an email to whom.
Who sends him a text to who he tells him.
And if we use the phone, where we are.
All of this information is stored by at least six months, and to two years, in your phone company or your Internet provide.
And all over Europe, people stood up and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this data restriction.
We want the self-assembly in the digital age, and we don't want the telephone phones and the Internet providers store all this information about us.
There were lawyers, journalists, priests -- everybody said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about 10,000 people who came out to the streets of Berlin and said, "Bad, don't fear.
And some even said this would be Stage 2.0.
The Star was the secret police of Germany.
And I also wondered if this works really work.
Can you store all this information about us?
Every time I use the phone?
So I asked my phone, Democrat Tellas, who was the largest phone company in Germany, who please send me all the information they had on me.
I asked them once, and I went back to them, and I didn't get a concrete response. It was all blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah,
But then I said, I want to have this information because you are protocolitized my life.
So I decided to start a judicial demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Democrat Tell said no, we're not going to give you this information.
At the end we signed an agreement.
It will take the demand and they send me the information that I asked.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional tribunal failed the University for the German law of the E.U.
So I got this ugly grandmother with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
Trip and five, three lines of information.
At the beginning I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge archive. Okay.
But after a while, I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little bit skeptical, what should it do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to come out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what data retrieval means.
So, next to Kevin Online and Open David City, we did this.
This is a six-year-old visualization of my life.
You can zoom back and get out, go back and forward.
You can see every step I go.
And you can see how I go from France in train to Colorado, and what often I call on the journey.
This is all possible with this information.
That's a little scary.
But it's not just about me.
But all of us.
First of all, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me, we talk a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends and they call each other.
And then you call the other, and the other one and we end up with this big network of communication.
You can see how their people communicate with each other to what time they call each other, which time they sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the lead leaders.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who talks to whom, who sent an email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and to two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people in the streets of Berlin, in the fall of 1989, had a cell phone in the pocket.
And the Star had known who involved in this protest, and if the Star had known who the leaders were, this would never have happened.
The fall of the Berlin Wall may never have happened.
And, in particular, it's not the fall of the Helvetica Court.
Because today, state agencies and companies want to store as much information from us as possible inside and outside the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives, and they want to store it forever.
But the anti-powered and living in the digital age is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight for self-supply.
You have to fight that every day.
When you go home to your friends that privacy is a 21st century value and it's not going through fashion.
When you go home, tell your reputation that only because companies and state agencies can store certain information, they don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information stored from you.
So in the future, every time you use your mobile phones that you can remember they have to fight for self-assembly in the digital age.
Thank you.
Hello TEDTalk, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello TEDTalk, what happens?
My name is Massac Zockey, and I'm not applied, but I know the doctor that brought me to the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions -- pushing the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have cerebral palsy, so I throw it all the time.
Look at it.
It's an arrogance. I'm like a Shack mixture.
And Muhammad Allie.
P, C, is not genetics.
It's not control and you can hire it.
No one did my mother's uterus, and I didn't hire it because my parents were brothers, although they are.
It only happens by accidents, like the one that happened to me at birth.
Now, I warn you, I'm not an inspiration source, and I don't want any of the present.
I feel bad about me, because at some point in life, they have wished to be disabled.
Let's go from it.
Christmas videos, they're in the commercial center, drive in circles to look for parking spaces, and what do you see?
16 empty places for disability.
And they think, "God, can I be at least a little bit discovered?
I also say, I have 99 problems, and P, C, is just one of them.
There was a journey of opportunity, I would win the gold medal.
I'm paleontologist, Muslim, woman, disability and living in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should do it.
I'm from Park Chiler, in New Jersey.
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same beginning.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, I could.
Many people with cerebral palsy, they don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the can't.
My father's mantra was, "You have to do that, dancing candy?
If my three biggest sisters clean, I clean me.
If my three older sisters were going to public school, my parents gave the school system and made sure that I was also outside, and if we didn't pick up the entire note, we all got the sneakers of my mother.
My father taught me to walk at the age of five, put my shoes on his feet and just walk.
Another tactical that I used was to take a dollar in front of me so that I would pursue it.
The show that comes into it was very strong ...
Yes. The first day in kindergarten was walking like a book campaign that has received a lot of charges.
When I grew up, there was only six Arab in my city and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Arabs -- and they continue to be all of the family.  I think nobody realized that we weren't artisticked.
This was before 9/11 and that politicians would think about using "The Muslim to Muslims as a campaign.
The people I grew up with didn't have trouble with my faith.
However, it seemed to be concerned that he died of starvation during the rare.
I told you that I had enough fat to live three months without eating -- so help from the dawn of the attachment, it's very easy.
Basic table in Brazil.
Yeah, in Broadway, it's crazy.  My parents couldn't afford physical therapy, so they sent me to dance school.
I learned to dance with mouse, or I can walk with lowers.
I am from New Jersey, and there we want to be a clip, so if my friends were using strengths, I too.
And when my friends were going to pass the summer vacation on the coast of Jerusalem, I didn't go.
I spent my summers in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we didn't go back to Palestine every summer, we would become Maldivers.
In the summer vacation often my father was trying to sand, so I drank the deer, they put hot cards on my back, and I got warm on the Dead Sea and I remember the water burned my eyes and I thought, "Well, it works."
But the miracle cure was the yoga.
I have to say that it's very boring, but before I do yoga I was a stand-up comedy that I couldn't stand on the stop.
And now I can hold it in your head.
My parents report this idea that I could do anything, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be in the Georgetown Hospital General.
I went to college by positive discrimination and I got a scholarship for the United States University of Arizona, because I walked in all the currently.
It was like the pet book of the theater department.
Everybody loved me.
I did all the tasks of the least intelligent, I took the maximum note in my classes and also in their classes.
Every time I did a scene from the cross-sensition my teachers were crying.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the U.N. decided to do a work called Bangalore very slow in Jackson Jackson.
It's a work of a girl with cerebral paralysis.
I was a girl with cerebral paralysis.
So I started screaming to the four winds, "It's going to have a paper.
I have brain paralysis.
At the end of the free, in the end.
Thank God autonomously, in the end I'm free?
I didn't get the paper.  They gave him to Santa Brown ...
I went to the director of the director of the theater department, crying historically, as if someone had killed my cat, to ask why and she told me that because they believed I couldn't do the risk scenes.
And I said, "Well, if I can't do the risk stunts -- neither can the character.
It was a role for the one that had literally been born and gave it to an actor without brain parallels.
The university was imitating my life.
Hollywood has a serious history of hearing actors without disability papers for disabilities.
When I graduated back home, I came home, and my first actor tour was like extra in a television.
My dream was true.
And I knew it would be email from "complete" to a Santa.
Instead, I was there as a bone, I didn't see it more than the number, and it was obvious to me that report directors don't hire graphics actors, not white, with disability.
They only hire perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up watching Whole Goldberg -- Rosse Barack, Ells, and all these women had one thing in common: they were completely.
That's why I became humility.
In my first tour, I took famous comics from New York to New Jersey, and I would never forget the face of the first clip that I took when I fell at high speed by the highway of New Jersey with a driver that had brain paradigm.
I worked on clubs from all over the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, without censorship and without any veil.
Some people say I am the first monopoly of the Arab world.
I never like to acknowledge the first place, but I know that they never heard that little broken rumor that says women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my brother of another mother and father, Dean Openness, and I launched the New York City Commission Festival in New York now, in his 10 years.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the Riles, in the media and to remind them to report directors that Sweden and Arab are not single.
Interviewer to the Arabs was much easier than fighting the challenge of the stigma.
My big opportunity came in 2010.
I was like invited to the cable news program behind Keith Obama.
I went into a graduate dance to a graduate dance, dragged me to a study and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the director and I said, "Can you give you another chair?
She looked at me and he said, "Hey, four, three, three, two?
And we were live.
So I was clinging to the desk desk to not go out of the screen during the segment, and when I ended up the interview, I was putting.
At the end I had my opportunity and the description -- I knew they wouldn't invite me.
But not only Mr. Obama went back to invited me, but it was like a full-time participant and I pasted my chair.
Something fun I learned in direct with Keith Obama was that people on the Internet are scary.
The kids are said that kids are criminal, but they never would be fired by me or a girl or a little bit larger.
Suddenly, my disability on the Internet became a board object.
I saw clips online, like, "Why are you telling?
"Is it return?
And my favorite, "The terrorist barrel.
What disease does it have?
We really should be graded for it.
A suggested suggested even to add my disability to my curve, glasses, comedy paradigm.
disability is as visual as race.
If someone in wheelchair can't make a Beijing -- then Beveridge can't make someone in the wheelchair.
Disabilities are the law -- yes, clapping. Man: Go.
Disabilities are the largest minority of the world, and the most various strengths in the world of entertainment.
The doctors said I wouldn't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, having grown up with the media media, I don't think I was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would make less hate on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need the whole society to teach our children.
My torture journey has led me to very spectacular places.
I got to go through the red carpet flown by the divided of the Sheets Susan Telescopes, and the Cortex Allies Aristotle.
I got to act in a film with Adam Sandelucor and work with my pain, the incredible Dave Matthewalk.
And I went back to the world by saying, "The Arab has become crazy?
I was stopped in the big state of New Jersey in the U.S. CPR.
And I founded "The Children of Massachusetts: a charity of charities to give the kids a piece of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me live in live, and he gave him this talk to his memory.
(Clicks ends) Party.
My name is Massachusetts Zachua, and if I can, you can also can.
I'd like to tell you a story about a little boy of a small town.
I don't know your name, but I know your story.
I live in a small town in South Somalia.
This village is near Models.
The drought pushes the little town to poverty and the edge of the innovation.
Without anything for him there, it goes to the big city, in this case, Models, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there is no opportunity, no work, no future perspective.
He ended up living in a tent in the city outside of Mockates.
After maybe a year to be transparent, nothing.
One day he came up with a man who offers him to take him to lunch, and then he got dinner to breakfast.
I know a different group of people, which gives you a break.
It gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes, money to send home, to his family.
You present a young guy.
He finally got home.
It starts a new life.
It has a goal of life.
A beautiful day in Mockates, under a blue sky, broke a bomb car.
That little boy of that little village with dreams of the great care was the suicide terrorist, and that dynamic group of people were to Shanghai, a terrorist organization connected to the Qaeda.
So how do the story of a little boy in a small town trying to fulfill their dreams in the city end with him implicate?
He was waiting.
He was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start his future, waiting for a sense of future, and this was the first thing he arrived.
This was the first thing that I took out of what we call "the High Period?
And their story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
It's the story of the marriage, young urban urban young people who are desperate in Johnson, desperate desperations in London, who are looking for something beyond the expectancy of hope?
For young people, the promise of the city, the big dream of the city is the opportunity for the opportunity, of work, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often youth that suffers from the highest unemployment rates.
By 2030, three in five people living in cities will be under 18 years.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities -- the story of the waiting "second" -- the door of access to terrorism, to violence, to the gang -- will be the history of the 2.0.
And in my hometown of birth, Mountains, 70 percent of young people are unemployed.
70 percent doesn't work, doesn't go to school.
They don't do virtually anything.
I went back to Models, last month, and I went to visit the Madoway Hospital -- the hospital where I was born.
I remember being before that hospital accelerating hospital thinking about it, and if I had never gone?
What if I had been forced to be in that same dead species?
Would I have become a terror?
I'm not really sure the answer.
The reason I was in Modestome, that month was actually to harbor some juvenile leaders in a corporate committee.
It's about 90 young young leaders.
We sat and we had a rain of ideas about solutions to the big challenges that the city faces.
One of the young people in the room was Adam.
He went to University of Modio, he was graduating him.
There was no work, no opportunity.
I remember when he told me, that because he was a graduate university, desperate, frustrated, was the perfect white for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations, to be recovered.
They were looking for people like him.
But this story takes a different path.
In Mockatos, the biggest obstacle to get from point A to B is the streets.
Twenty-four years of civil war have completely destroyed the system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize it.
And he saw an opportunity and the appearance.
A monitoring company.
He started tracking the local residents who normally couldn't buy it.
He bought 10 motors, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some point to expand hundreds of flies over the next three years.
Why is this story different?
What makes this story different?
I think its ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the business spirit, and I think business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the species of wait."
Factory young people will be the creators of economic opportunities that are looking for so designed.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Mohamed Mount, a flower.
I was helping train some of the young people in the summit of business initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of business initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that Models, has seen in over 22 years, and until recently, until Mohamed arrived, if you wanted flowers for your wedding book, you were using plastic from the foreign plant.
If you asked someone, "What was the last time you saw French flowers last time?
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be, "No."
So, Mohamed saw an opportunity.
I started a flower company and the floral design.
I created a farm on the outskirts of Mockats, and he started growing tumors and lights, which he said, could survive the hard weather of Mockates.
And it started the delivery of flowers for sheets, creating gardens in the houses, and the city companies, and now he's working on the creation of the first public park in Modestome in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Mockates.
He wants to create a space where families, young people, can go together, and, as he says, smell the proverbial pink pink pink pink pink pink pink pink pink pink pink pink pink pink pink pink pink pink pink pink pink pink pink pink pink pink pink pink pink pink pink pink laughter.
By the way, he didn't grow pink because they use a lot of water.
So, the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, the presence of Mohamed had a really profound impact on young people.
They never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for a NGOs, working for the government, but their story, their innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
I forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
They could believe that they could be entrepreneurs, that could be a change of change.
By the end of the day, they already had innovative solutions for some of the greatest challenges that the city faces.
They were providing corporate solutions for local problems.
So, inspire young people and creating a culture of business spirit is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas real.
They need expertise and orientation to guide them in development and put it on behalf of their business.
They connect young people with the resources they need, benefits the support they need to move from conception to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is something more than starting a business.
It's creating a social impact.
Mohamed is not just selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
His Peace Park -- this is how I call it, when it's created, to transform the way people see their city.
And they hire kids from the street to help rent and keep the flies for him.
I gave them the opportunity to escape from the paradigm of the wait."
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is, to turn young people into entrepreneurs, including and feed their inherent innovation, and they have more stories about flowers and parks of peace than care and "pop of hope."
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to meet my dad in the Mountains Mountains, an area faced north of the state of New York City.
It was a beautiful day.
The controlled forest.
The sun made the leaves shine as a virus, and not to be the path that we go, almost we could pretend that we were the first human beings in taking that land.
We got to our camp.
It was a coverage in a risk with a beautiful crystal lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the shed there was a bank, from about four square meters with apple hearts and polio paper balls and old shell.
And I was analogies, I was very angry, incredibly confusing.
The camps that were too lazy as to pull out what they were wearing, who thought he was going to clean their garbage?
That question followed with me, and it was simple a little bit.
Who cleans our ball?
No matter how they organize or where they put the "Nobel "water," who clean our trash in Stanford?
Who clean our trash in Rio or in Paris or in London.
Here in New York City, the Department of Health cleans our trash -- to the reason of 11,000 tons of waste and two thousand tons of recyclable products every day.
I wanted to know it as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What does the uniform feel like and take that card?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled on the trucks and walked through their trains and interviewed people in offices and facilities across the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an intrigue.
I needed to move more.
So I started working as a garbage collection.
Now not just traveling on the trucks. I drove them.
And I operated the mechanical screens and the snow drink.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
You all ask about smell.
It's there, but it's not as predictable as you believe, and in the days that it's very strong, you get very quickly.
It costs a lot of used to weight.
I met people who had been working on it for several years, and their bodies kept adjust in the weight of taking on their body tons of garbage every week.
It's also the danger.
According to the Bureau of Laboratory Stations, the waste collection is one of the ten most dangerous institutions in the country, and I learned why.
You're coming out and getting into the traffic all day and you go around you around you.
They just want to pass up, so the driver is not paying attention.
That's really bad for the worker.
And also the trash itself is full of dangerous that often fall out of the truck and cause terrible damage.
I also learned about the relentless of garbage.
When you get out of the quality and you see a city from the back of the truck, you can understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
I never stopped coming.
It's also like a form of breathing or circulation.
It should always be in motion.
And it's also the stigma.
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I really believe that waste colonies are the most important work in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They're the first public health protection.
If you don't get rid of waste and effective and effective forms every day, this starts to break out of their containers and their inherent dangers threaten us in very real ways.
diseases that we had controlled for decades and centuries come back and start to stop.
The economy needs it.
If we can't get rid of the old thing, we don't have space for the new thing that the engines of the economy start to fail when it's in danger the consumption.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, just by the relationship.
And then there's what I call our average daily design speed.
I mean simply at the speed that we used to move in the contemporary time.
We usually don't worry about it, and we don't repeat, we cleaned or take our coffee cup and our balloon bag, our water bottle.
We use them, we throw them, we forget about them, because we know that there is a work force on the other side that will come up with it.
So today I want to suggest a couple of ways of thinking about the collection of waste that might help reduce the stigma and increase in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
Their work, I think, is almost statistical.
They're on the street every day, in a rhythmic form.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when to wait.
And their work allows us to do ours.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us left from ourselves, from our own waste, our owners, and that flow always has to stay in one form or another.
One day after September 11th, 2001, I heard the graph of a waste truck on the street, grabbed my little son and left the stairs running down, and there was a man doing his piece of paper recycling as he did all the miracles.
And I tried to thank you to do your work that particular day, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and he simply admits, and he said, "We're going to be fine.
We're going to be good."
Shortly after that, I started investigating the waste collecting and I went back to see that man.
It's called Patrick, we worked together many times, and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
Let's be fine.
But in our efforts to rebuild the way we exist on this planet as we kind of have to include and have all the costs, even the very real human cost of the labor.
Musical waste, what we think about when we talk about track, represent three percent of the amount of waste from the nation.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of their days and their lives, the next one you see to someone whose job is to clean the garbage of you, just a moment to recognize it.
Let me just say thank you.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community life by building part of the environment where architecture was born naturally from conditions and local traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects like this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that the different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the ultimate work of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial center of several stories in Ethiopia, Addis Oakland.
This is the kind of building that showed us as an example, my team and me, about what we had to design about.
At first, the first thing I thought was, "I want to go out current."
After seeing some of these buildings there are many in the city we realized that there are three important aspects to answer.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very big stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to employ a lot of energy because the crystals with crystals generates heat inside the interior, so it takes a lot of cooling in.
In a city where this shouldn't happen, because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees over the year.
And thirdly, its aspect has nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia.
It's a period of a trial of a place so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, I was really called the old market that is this structure to the free air where thousands of people, go and buy things every day to little marketers along.
There's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that's what I really wanted to design, not a commercial center.
But the question was how to build a modern building, from several floors, apply these principles.
The next challenge was presented by the site, which is located in an area of a lot of the city, where much of the buildings that we now see in the image, didn't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of meters.
So the first thing we did was we created a connection between these two streets, using all the inputs in the building.
And it extends with an increasing air that creates a space to the free air in the building that was hardly, in its own form, the sun and the rain.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of the market with small businesses, which changes on each floor because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that would respond to local climate conditions.
And I got to think about a similar tissue to a hormone shell.
Then we are inspired by these beautiful buttons of the stages of the stages.
They have fractal geometry properties and this helped me model the facade for me.
We're building that with these little pretty popular pieces that are the windows that allow the air and light in a way controlled way inside of the building.
This is made with these little colored crystals that use the light inside of the building to illuminate the building at night.
And with these ideas it wasn't easy to convince developers because they thought, "That's not a mall. It wasn't what we asked."
But ultimately, we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the commercial center because at the end of it there was more local to sell.
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic -- not only because of the material compared to the glass, but also because it wasn't necessary to have air conditioning.
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve the energy report for the building in a city where electricity is cut almost every day.
So we got a big advantage putting photographs on the roof.
And then under those panels we think about the roof as a new public space with areas of meeting and bars that would create this urban oasis.
And these dots on the roof, that in set they collect water for the installations inside.
It's expected for the beginning of the next year, because we go through the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in Tunisia.
And to make a project that big -- the biggest thing I ever designed -- needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia, but also to its environment, their tradition and culture.
During that analysis I put special attention in the media, a strategic structure of a thousand years of ancient that was surrounded by a wall with dozen access of access by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation that we did was to expand existing streets, creating 12 similar breathing blocks in size and features that there are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards in Europe.
In addition to that, we selected some strategic dots in relation to the idea of the interrupted doors with straight lines, and this makes the initial model.
And the last operation was to think about the cell, the little cell of the project, like the apartment, as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the Mediterranean clip?
And it's North, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house, and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we underestimate a scheme that makes sure that most apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that is almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with passions, and then on the low plant we have all the connections for the pedestrians ...
And it also responds to local norms that set up greater density in the upper levels and a lower density on the low plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of the doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost as a report to the community occupied by construction.
It's where all the neighbors can go up and socialize, and make activity like it would run a two kilometers in the morning, or jump out of a building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally grow.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's life changes communities and local economies at the same rate as buildings.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple but affordable solutions that improve the relationship between community and environment, and they have as objective connecting nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl entered our class. It was as remarkable, as you see all the new girls.
He had large amounts of hair and a small pencils of pencils -- cute stranger, was strong to the capital capitals -- very good for gratefulness.
I ended up that year and I was full of jealousy, until I brought my sinister plant.
And one day I was a time after the school out of school, I was a little bit late and I hid in the girls' bathroom.
When the coast was delivered, it went out, I went into the classroom, I took the table of my teacher the book of grades.
And then I did.
I altered the ratings of my rival -- just a little bit, just some like that.
They all like that.  And I gave up the book to the cabine. But to see, some of my other partners had very good notes too.
So in a fractal, it runs the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put all of you in front of me and myself a row of so, just for being there.
I still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came from.
I don't understand why I felt good to do it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why I never caught me.
It's that everything was defending obvious.
I never found me.
But most of all, I would wake up the reason why I was bothered that this child, so small, was so good for gratefulness.
I was intrigued by charges.
They're so mysterious and so preventable.
We know babies suffer from celebrities.
Also, the primates, the blue birds are very property.
We know that celebrities are the number one cause of links in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that analyzed the loneliness or the long duration or the sadness.
And so you have to go to fiction, because the novels are like the lab in which they study the celebrities in all their possible forms.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there would be no jealousy, there would be a literature.
Well, there would be no Helen the influenza, no indication would be a "World."
There would be no celebrator celebrator, no "The thousand and a night.
There would be no Shakespeare.
They took the high school reading lists, because we would be losing "The Root and the Forge, no "Ball and "Ball! We will lose "Sea Bono, and "The John Kha!
No celebrity, there is no press -- I know it's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything, and in terms of jealousy, almost all of them all.
This year is 100 years ago of his masterpiece -- "In looking for the lost time -- the most exhaustive study of sexual jealousy, and also the ordinary competition, my own, everything we could have --  And thinking about Prince, we have the sense of feeling -- we have the sense of sensitive details, right?
We think about a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think about a manufacturing manufacturer in you of love.
We forget how hard that image is.
We forget how impossible it is.
I mean, it's about books that Virginia White said they were as hard as a cat skin.
I don't know what the class of cat is, but we assume it's survival.
Let's look at why they go so well together, the novel and the jealousy, the celebrities and Princes.
Is it very obvious as the jealousy, who are reduced to the person, to their wish, to their implements, are a strong narrative base.
I don't know. I think we get very close to bone, when we think about what happens when we feel celebration.
When we feel celebrated, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people's lives, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
It's going to be at the same and an audience, we know exactly what details they do, to clear the knife, right?
The celebrities make us all amateur novels, and that's something that Proust understand.
Everything that she does to give pleasure could give me pleasure and maybe right now.
And it starts to say to itself that story, and since then, Proust says that every single fresh love that Stanford detects in his lover, adds it to his collection of torture instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that Shadi and Prince, they were notoriously celebrated.
You know, Princes in Princeton would have to leave the country, if they wanted to break with him.
But you don't have to be so sense to recognize that it's a tough job. Right?
The celebrities are an arrested.
It's a hungry emotion. You have to feed it.
And how are the celebrators?
The celebrities are about information.
The celebrities use the details.
The jealousy, they like the big amounts of bright hair and the cute and small list of light.
The celebrities are noticed from photos.
That's why Instagram is so successful --  I plan the academic language with the colony of cheaps.
When Sea is in his rut, suddenly he heard behind the doors and bribed the services of his lover, then they give those behaviors.
He says, "Look, I know you think this is responsible, but it's not different than the interpretation of an ancient text or to look at a monopoly."
He says, "You know, scientific research with real intellectual value?
Proust is trying to prove that the celebrities are intrinsically intrinsically and make us seem absurd, but in their mind, they are search for knowledge, search for the truth, a painful truth. In fact, what to project is, the more pain the truth, the better.
The pain, the humiliation -- these were the pathways to the wisdom of Prince.
He says, "A woman who needs us, that makes us suffer, causes us to be a much deeper range of feelings and vital men than a wise man who can be interested in.
Is it telling us that we're going to look for critical women?
No. I think it's trying to say that jealousy, we will disclose ourselves.
And there's some other emotion that makes us open in this particular way?
Is there some other emotion reveals our aggression, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Any other emotion that taught us to look at with such peculiar intentions?
Freud writing about this later.
And one day, Freud was visited by a very good young man who is consumed with the idea that his wife would deceive him.
And Freud says that there was something weird in that man, that he didn't get into what his wife was.
Well, she was innocent -- everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause.
But he was looking for things that his wife did, without realizing it, involuntary behaviors.
Do you smile too much -- or is it accidental in a man with a man?
Freud says that the man was becoming the core of the unconscious of his wife.
novels are very good at this.
Now the novels describe very well how cells do us to look with intensity but without precision.
In fact, the more intense we are, the more we become residential of the fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, celebrities lead us to make violent or illegal acts of it.
The celebrities drive us to behave in completely unimaginable ways.
Now I'm thinking about me at eight years old, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news.
A woman from Michigan. 52 years old was captured by having created a fake account on Facebook from the one that was sent in their eyes, horrible messages itself, for a year.
For a year, a whole year.
She was trying to include the new girlfriend of his former boyfriend -- I have to trust that when or this, he reacted with admiration as well.
Because, let's be realistic.
How big, even though designers, creativity. Right?
It's like a novel.
Like a novel Peter novel.
Helattanism is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of the American literature.
It's the author of "The Trash, and "The Talking Mr. Rolling, books that try to be about how celebrities, confused our minds, and once we are in the sphere, in the realm of celebrities, the membrane that separates what it might be, can be punch in an instant.
Take Tom Radio, his most famous character.
Tom Rileria is going to burn or want what you have to be aware of your self and you could be aware of what you ever had, and it's under the floor.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take the Rome Riverbage.
I can't give you all over the world, as much as sometimes I would like to.
It's a stage, because we live in times of envy.
We live in tense times.
I mean, we're good citizens of social networks, where is the currency is the environmental sense? Right?
The novels show us the salt? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters always do when they're not sure, when they're in a mystery.
Let's go to 2030 of Baker Street and ask by Stanford Hollywood.
When people think about Hollywood, they think about the curse.
But I've always preferred -- "In Interesting Leslander, the chief face of Saulowite Park that needs Hollywood desperately needs the Honology genius, but it bothers him.
Oh, I'm so familiar with me.
Lesser needs his help, but the responsible and bubble and bubble in the each one of the mystery.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally in "The Six Nobel Nobel, once Hollywood comes in, they will wake up all with his solution.
We're proud of you?
And he tells him that there is no person in Saudi Salam who wouldn't want to miss her hand.
It's one of the few times we see Hollywood quiet in history. I think this is very emotional. That scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat celebrities as a geometry problem, without emotion.
You know, in a minute Hollywood is on the opposite side of Lester.
The next minute are at the same side.
All of a sudden, Lesters is allowed to admire that idea of being the restaurant.
Could it even be so simple.
What if the celebrities are really a geometry issue, just a question of where we allow us to be in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to restore the excellence of the other.
We can align it with it.
But I like contemporary plans.
So as we expect that to happen, we remember that we have the fiction to comfort them.
We only have the fiction.
The fiction used the domestications, I invite you to the table.
And look at what I touched -- the slot Lesterland, the terrified Tom Robert, the Stone Star, the same Mars Prince.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21, 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped out of the Apollo Mount of Apollo 11 and descends on the Marine Street.
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone, but their presence in the surface of the shot was the culmination of a mixed collective process.
The Apollo program was the largest movement in peace times in the history of America.
To get to the moon, NASA spends about 180 billion dollars today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died people, including the Apollo 1.
But before the final Australia program, 24 men traveled to the moon.
He was walking on their surface, which Alice after Aristotle death last year, is now the oldest one.
So why did they go?
They didn't bring a lot of it back, 380 pounds of old rocks, and something that the 24 argue later, a new sense of the tiny, and the fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate the Soviets that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at the University of Rice in 1968, they give us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy Kenya, some wonder, why the Moore's Montal."
Why do we turn it into our goal?
And you could also ask, why do you scale the highest mountain high?
35 years ago, why would you fly on the Atlantic.
Why does Richard play against Texas.
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Portugal." For the contexts, the Apollo wasn't just a victory of the West on the east in the Cold War.
At the time, the strongest emotion was the market of the transition of technology.
It was because it was a great thing to do it.
The landing on the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological trials.
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane, the penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, the police is eradicated.
The technology seemed to have what Alvin Rockefeller in 1970 called "The Army and a "The an analytical?
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse or a card with candle -- but in 1969, the crew of Apollo 10 flew to 40,000 miles an hour.
Since 1970, no human being has gone back to the moon.
No one has traveled faster than Apollo 10, and the optimism joy of the power of technology has been tested to see that problems that we imagine that technology will solve the way to go to Mars, create clean energy, or feed the world population seem to have intrinsic results.
I remember seeing the Apollo 17.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that they didn't look at the call of the Salake Ph.D.
I knew that this would be the last mistake quantified, but I was completely sure that I would come to see the colonies on Mars.
So that from "The content happened to our ability to solve problems with technology, has become a common place.
You hear it all the time.
We've heard it over the last two days here, at TED.
It looks like the technologists had distributed us and had been enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhone, applications and social networks, or algorithms that accelerate the automated sale of the automated.
There's nothing wrong with most of these things.
They've expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There is a paralyzed explanation in Silicon Valley, which has been created by less ambitious companies than the years that Intel found out, Microsoft, Apple and Genesa.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the curves, in particular, the incentives that risk capitalists offer business.
Silicon Valley says that risk investment causes that to change the creation of conventional ideas by the funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains a lot of what's wrong with Silicon Valley.
Even when the risk capitalists were in their sharp point without worrying about risk, they prefer small investments -- the tiny investments that they could go out in 10 years.
The China, always had problems to invest with benefits in technologies like energy, which need a huge capital and whose development is long-term -- never invested in developing technologies to solve big problems because they don't have any immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons we can't solve big problems are more complicated and more profound.
Sometimes, we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we want.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular, and that would never happen.
We don't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are things more important than doing on Earth.
Sometimes, we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of the global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar and wind, and literature. Less than two percent, and the reason is completely cheap.
Card and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind, and oil is cheaper than the biomimicry.
We want alternative energy sources that can compete in price, don't exist.
Now, the technologists and entrepreneurs and economists are according to what policies and international treaties will increase the development of alternative energy, most of a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of coal.
But there is no hope in the political climate today that we will see an energy policy of America or international treaties that reflects that consensus that consist.
Sometimes, the big problems that seem to be technological, it turns out not to be.
We know from time that farmers are out of failure in the food report.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that affect collecting food distribution.
Technology can improve things like harvest or systems for storage and food repair -- but there will be famines while there are bad governments.
Finally, the big problems are sometimes pushing a solution because we don't understand the problem.
President Nixon declared the cancer war in 1971, but soon we found that there are many kinds of cancer, some terrible resistant to treatment, and only over the last 10 years appear to have found effective treatments and viable treatments.
Hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we couldn't solve problems with technology.
We can and should, but these four elements have to be present. The political leaders and the population must want to solve the problem, the institutions must support the solution, it must really be a technological problem, and we need to understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the capacity of technology to solve big problems, meets with those criticious.
But it's a broadcasting model in the future.
We're not in 1960.
There is no competition in the Cold War, there is no politician like John Kennedy who acquired the hard and the dangerous, and there is no popular mythology of science fiction like exploring the solar system.
In general, it turns out to be simple.
I was just three days.
And actually, I wasn't even solving any problem.
We're alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows that we don't get the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start remembering the general ideas that you have about trust.
They're so common that they've become cliche of our society.
I think it's three.
The first one is a recycled, there's been a great decline of trust, it's a very widespread belief.
The second is a goal, we should have more trust.
And the third is a task, we should recover trust.
I think the recovery, the goal and the task has been wrong.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a recycle, a target and a task, that I think gives a more clear idea about the subject.
First of all, why do people think trust has disappeared?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I encouraged me to think that it may have declined in some activities or institutions and that could have increased in others.
I don't have it.
But I can resort to the opinion polls and opinion polls are supposedly the source of the belief that trust has decreased.
When you look at the opinion polls over time, there are no evidence of it.
That is, the people that were disappeared 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same disappointment.
And the people who were very reliable 20 years ago are still quite confident, judges. nurses.
The rest of us are in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen of the street is almost exactly halfway in the road.
But is this evidence enough?
What solitary opinion polls are, of course, opinions.
What else can you get?
What you see is the generic attitudes that people manifest when they ask certain questions.
Does it trust the politicians, trust the teachers?
Now, if someone would ask you, "Go in the generations?
Do you trust the fisheries?
Do you trust the primary teachers?
You probably start to ask, "Can you do what?
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you might say, when you answer your question, "Well, trust something, but in other notes."
Which is very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to deny trust differently.
We don't assume that the level of trust we're going to feel for a certain kind of officer or work or a type of person, is going to be uniform in all cases.
I could, for example, say I trust a certain primary teacher that I know to give the kind of reading, but in any way to drive the school microbes.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my most crazy friend to keep a conversation, but no, maybe to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our everyday lives of the way trust is different, why do we leave all of that knowledge when we think about trust in more abstract?
I think surveys are very bad tools to measure the true level of real trust, because they try to absorb the good judgment inherent in the fact of trusting something or in someone.
Second, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more trust.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not that goal that I will make.
I would point out to have more confidence in what is to be able to trust, but not what it isn't.
I am a paradox of not trust what is not reliable.
And I think those people who depressed their savings with the very apartment called Mr. Mada, who then disappeared with them, I think about them, and I think, well, yes, they were too conformed.
Having more confidence is not a smart goal in this life.
Constitutional trust or denied intensive, that's the right target.
Once you say, you say, yes, that means that what matters first is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What is about to make a judgment about how good people are in certain ways.
And I think to be able to make a trial, we are forced to focus on three things.
Are they competent? Are they honest? Are they responsible?
And if we find that one person is competing in the permanent matter, and it's responsible and honest, then we'll have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be worthy of trust.
But if, in contrast, they're not responsible, we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competition and honest, but not trust them to take a letter to the mail because they're observational.
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competition.
And I was happy to say that I think I don't have a lot of friends who are competent, but extremely despotes.
If it's like that, I still haven't been broken.
But that's what we're looking for, cool before trust.
The trust is the answer.
The trust is what we have to judge with.
And, of course, it's hard.
In the last few decades, we've tried to build systems of accounts for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and others, that made us easier to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a piece and told me, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to make the administrative role than the part of it will attend in yes?
And we found the same problem in all of our public life, and institutional lives, that the accountability system that is destined to ensure trust and trust testing, is actually doing the opposite.
What they do is they kind of hard the work of the people who have to make hard tasks, like the parts, to be demanding that "manufacturer the cats, as we say.
I sure you all know similar examples.
All of that, for the target.
I think the goal should be more confident, and that things would be different if we try to be worthy of trust, and we will tell people that we are reliable and if we try to determine whether other people, officials or politicians are worthy of trust.
It's not easy. It's the trial, the simple actions, the attitudes, what it doesn't do properly.
Third, the task.
I call the task to rebuild trust, put things into the area.
I suggest that you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can rebuild the trustworthiness.
We can do it if they're two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust -- in definition, it's very distinctive because it makes us other people.
You can't reconstruct what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough foundation so they can trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't cheat -- usually to all people, all the time.
But you also have to deal with fair evidence that you're worthy of trust.
How do you do that?
That is done every day, everywhere, makes it ordinary people, the optimists, the institutions, very effectively.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I bought my socks is that I can get them with no explanation.
I take them up and give me the money, or they give them the color I want.
That's great. It trust them because they became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a big lesson on that.
If you get vulnerable to the other side, that's a very good proof that you're worthy of trust and you have trust what you're saying.
So at the end, I think what we're pointing is not very hard to enjoy it.
What people trust is the relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
Since the beginning of computers we have been striving to reduce the separation between us and digital information, separation between our material world and the world of the screen where imagination can be deployed.
This separation has gone down increasingly and more and more, at such points that today is less than one millimeter, the species of the glass of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to all.
But I wondered, and if there was no barriers?
I started to imagine what it would be.
And first I created this tool that goes into digital space, so that when the strong wave against the screen will transform its physical body to limits.
Designers can material their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs underneath the screen.
So with this tool you break the barriers away.
But the two hands remained still outside the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using the whole dexterity of your hands?
In the division of Microsoft Apple Discovery, along with my mentor California Bobbabies, the computer would bring a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
It will combine a transparent bombsight with depth cameras to detect the fingers and the face, now you can raise the hands of the keyboard, get inside of the 3D space, and grab them directly with your hands.
Like windows and archives have a location in real space, select is as easy as bringing a book from a shelf.
You can take the book and it will solve lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that there is down every floating screen.
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with their hands.
In these examples, we are in the digital world.
What if we invest the papers and we make digital information come to us?
And surely, many of us will have bought and devoted things on the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about.
What I have here is a virtual test on the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a device mounted in your head or transportation when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we take this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so that we can touch and feel it?
What would a future look like?
At the MIT Media Lab, with my tutor Hiroshi Island and my collaborator Research Post, we created this only physical clip.
This spherical magnet is behaving as a 3D in space, which means that as much computer as users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space.
Simplified, what we did was we put gravity and control movement through a combination of magnetic levitation and mechanical and detectors acceptance.
And when we program the object, we released it from the constraints of time and space, which means that human movements can record and go back and stay forever in the physical world.
You can teach physically and distance and famous from Michael Jordan, you can reproduce as a physical reality the times we want.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like planets movement, physics, and, unlike the monitors or the textbook books, this is a real, palpable experience that you can play and feel. It's very powerful.
But what's more fascinating than changing the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world will change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information will not only show you something but to start acting directly about us as part of the physical world that surrounds us without having to break out of our world.
We started the talk today talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that remains is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a gym for two years in Homo, China, in the 1970s.
When I was in the first grade, the government wanted to transfer a school for athletes with all the paid.
But my tiger mother said, "No."
My parents wanted me to become an engineer, like them.
After survive the Cultural Revolution, they firmly believed that there was only a close path towards happiness, a safe work and a really good thing.
No matter if the job would like to or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese period.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A opera singer must start training from very young to learn the artists, so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school.
I just wrote to the director of school and the present of a radio program.
But no adult was struck by the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends would support me, but they were kids, without authority, like me.
So at age 15 years old, I knew it was too much greater to train.
My dream would never be done.
So for the rest of my life a second class happiness was the only thing I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I resolved for another volume.
No one around me wanted to teach us? Okay.
Remember the books.
(Audience Complex de Sandya, Sandy Chinese Ellino Children, of Nanopatch Hollywood came to America in 1995, and what were the first books that I read here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
The Good Earth is about Chinese presidential life.
And it's not propaganda. I understand.
The Bible is interesting, but strange.
That's a topic for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a revolution, "Get your father and your mother."
"I said, "It's so different, and much better than operation.
So it became my tool to come out of this conference guilt and to reset the relationship with my parents.
The encounter with a new culture also gave place to my comparative reading habit of reading.
I brought a lot of perspective.
For example, at the beginning this map seemed to me outside because this is what students in China learn.
I had never occurred to me that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves people's perspective.
The comparative reading is not new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are research fields like comparative religion and comparative literature.
Comparing and contrast, I offer the academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought that if the comparative reading worked for research, why not do it also in everyday life?
So I started reading books from two.
You can try and treat people from Walter Research -- David Research, from David Research, who were involved in the same topic, or friends with shared experiences.
For the Circle, the temptation is economic, politics and spiritual people.
For the Buddha -- it's all psychologists, lust, fear and social duty. Interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
["China's way of China Tele, Thomas Mercer Road Road Road Road -- instead of losing in the translation. I found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's through the translation that I realized that "standard," in Chinese literally means "Reputator Japan.
And "No, in Chinese, literally it means "a mother, Olympics.
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know that I will not be alone or powerless ever.
Having a destructive dream is really nothing compared to what many others have suffered with.
I have come to believe that reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that dreams come from, where the passion comes from, where happiness comes from.
Even a destructive dream can do that for you.
And it's because of the books, I am here, happy, living again with purpose and clearly, most of the time.
So the books always take them.
Thank you.
Thank you,  Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first school client of psychotherapy.
I was a Ph.D. student at Berkeley.
She was a 26-year-old woman named Alex.
Alex walked into the first session using jeans and a hollow toy, he turned into the couch of my office took the shoes and said he wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so accurate.
My class colleague had a shot as a first client.
And I played a volatility I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the funny stories that Alex brought to the sessions, it made me easy only move their head while we got the solution.
"The trial is the new vessels," said Alex and for what I saw, she was right.
You start working after -- you start to work afterwards, you have children later, even the death happens later.
For volunteers like Alex and I had time.
But soon after, my survival press me to press Alex to talk about his love life.
I was residential.
I said, "Sure, it's coming out with guys under your category, you get with a foreground -- but it's not like it was to marry with him."
And then my squad said, "I don't know, but maybe it's married with the next one.
In addition, the best moment to work on the marriage of Alex is before it was married, before it got married.
This is what psychologists call a "Hey moment.
It was when I realized that the 30 are not the new 20 percent.
Yes, people feel a head after what they used to do, but this didn't make the 20 of Alex a pause in their development.
This made the 20 of Alex the perfect moment, and we were wasting it.
So I realized, that this kind of benign negative was a real problem and had real consequences, not just for Alex and his life love but for careers, families and future flying futures everywhere.
There are 50 million volunteers in America, today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you consider that nobody comes to adulthood without spending before the 1990s.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20th.
I want to see the volunteers here.
Oh yeah. They're amazing.
If you work with voters, you love a volunteer, you take off your dream a vegetation, I want to see it. It's fine. Amazing. The truth really matters.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen at 35 years.
This means that eight in every 10 decisions and experiences and "Mommany, who shape their life is to have gone to when they have 30 and so many.
People from over 40 -- they don't get into panic.
This audience is going to be good, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on how much money they want.
We know that more than half of Americans are married, or they're coming out with their future partner at 30 years.
We know that the brain ends up its second and last stage of growth in its 20s and represents for adults, which means that if there is something they want to change themselves, now it's time to change themselves.
We know that personality changes more times during its 20s than at any other time of life, and we know that female fertility comes to its cap at 18, and things become complicated at 35 percent.
The 20 are the moment to educate their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment where your daily and common life has a desperate impact on the person that will become a person.
But what we don't hear often is that there is something called adult development and our 20s are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the volunteers are listening.
newspapers talk about changes on the line of the adult time.
Researchers call the 20, an extended adolescence.
journalists get ridiculous names to the volunteers like "crust," and "the "computers?
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a tribe that actually is the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Berge said that to achieve big things, they need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it true?
What do you think happens when you pat a board on your head and say, "Do you have another 10 years to start your life."
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency and his ambition and it doesn't happen absolutely anything.
And then every day, smartphones, interesting as you or your children and your daughters come to my office and say something like this: "I know my boyfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count, I'm just killing time."
Or they say, "Everybody said that while you start a race before the 30, everything will be good."
But then it starts to sound something like this: "My 20s are to end and I still have nothing to see.
I had better curriculum the day I graduated from college.
And then it starts to sound something like this: "My quotes during the 20 were like the game of the chairs.
They all run and get fun, but then at some point around the 30, it turned the music and they all started sitting down.
I didn't want to be the only one that would stay stop, so I sometimes think I married my husband because he was the closest chair when I was 30.
Where are the volcanoes here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little extreme, but it's not wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 30, there's a huge pressure to the tribes and so many of you start a career -- choose a city, choose a mate, and have two or three children in a much shorter time.
Many of these things are not compatible -- and there's research that you start to show you, which is much more difficult and stressful to do everything at the age of 30.
The middle age crisis is not about buying red sporting cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the career you want now.
You realize you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give you a brother to your son.
A lot of terrorists and crows look at themselves, and to me, sitting in the room, and they talk about their 20s -- "What was he doing? What was I thinking?"
I want to change what the volunteers are doing and thinking.
Here's a story about how it could be.
It's a story about a woman called Emmany.
At 25, Emma came to my office because he was in his own words, having a crisis of identity.
He said he would like to work in art or entertainment, but he still couldn't decide, so I spent the last few years working as a moment.
As it was cheaper, I lived with a boyfriend that showed more temperature than ambition.
And despite living 20 very difficult -- his previous life was even more difficult.
She cried often in our sessions. But then she would raise her by saying, "One doesn't choose his family, but he can choose his friends."
Well, one day Emma got his head on his legs and cried for almost all the time.
I had just bought a new free free freedom, and he had spent all the morning filled with his many contacts but then he was looking at the empty space that followed after the words "In the emergency case, please call them?
I was at the point of the story when I saw me and said, "Who's going to be for me if I have a car accident.
Who is going to take care of me if I get cancer?
At that time, I got a lot of work to resist and not say, "Aye."
What Emma needed was not a therapy that was really worried about.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit as the decade of Emma disappeared in front of it.
So for the next few weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all of us, man or woman, deserve to know.
First, I told Emma to forget about that crisis of identity and get identity.
For capital identity, I mean doing something that uses value to your person.
Doing something that's an investment in what you want to be after.
I didn't know the future of Emmany career, and nobody knows the future of work, but I know this: identity capital generates identity.
So now it's the moment for that work on the other side of the country, from that intersection, of that company that you want to try to try.
I'm not having the exploration of the vision -- I'm removing the exploration that I should not count, which, by the way, is not exploration.
It's protection.
I told Emma to explore jobs and made them tell them.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are surviving.
The best friends are excellent to take the airport to the airport, but the volunteers who come together with similar minds are limited in terms of who they know, what they know, how they think, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital, that new person who will come out almost always come from its closest circle.
New things come from what they're called weak stories of friends of their friends.
Yes, half of the volunteers have a bad job or they don't have work.
But the other half won't, and the weak links are the way that we collect this group.
Half of the working jobs are never published, then, knowing the boss of your neighbor is the way you get a piece of not published.
It's not cheating. It's the science of how information is happening.
And finally, but not least, Emma believed that you don't choose your family, but I know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a voter, Emma soon choose his family, when he has a partner and she forms his own family.
I told Emma that the time to choose his family had arrived.
Maybe you think the 30 is better age to sit the head than 20 or even 25, and I agree with you.
But choose the person that you live in now or you are now sitting now when all of Facebook start walking towards the height is not progress.
The best moment to work on your marriage is before you have, and that means being so intentional in love as you're at work.
You have to choose your family to be a conscious choice of who you want instead of just doing it to work or kill time with whom you choose them to you.
So what happened to Emmany."
Well, we looked at that director, and she found the roommate of a cousin that was working on an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a work there.
That work of work gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend that he lived with.
Now, five years later, it's organizing special events in museums.
This house with a man who has been constantly.
He loves his new career, love his new family, and he sent me a letter that said, "Now the emergency spaces are not big enough.
The story of Emma can sound easy, but that's what I love about working with voters.
It's very easy to help you.
Voluntarians are like planes coming out of the Los Angeles airport, which comes somewhere in the west.
Just before the decline, a light fit in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fiber.
In the same way, at the age of 21, and even the age of 29, a good conversation, a good TED Talk, can have huge effects in the next years or even in the next generations.
Here's my idea of spreading all the volunteers that you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to tell Alex.
It's what now I have the privilege of telling voters like Emma every single day, the tribes are not the new 20 percent, and they get their adults, they get identity capital, they use their weak connections, they choose your family.
They don't let you define what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very demanding job in management consulting for a work that was even more excited, the document.
I went to teach them mathematics to seventh grade students in New York public schools.
And as any teacher, I apply tests and tests.
I give you tasks.
When work comes back, they calculated grades.
What struck me was that the CPU, wasn't the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of the ones that had a better performance didn't have a childhood painting of C.O.
Some of my smartest kids were not going so well.
And that led me to think.
The kinds of things that you need to learn in mathematics in seventh grade, safe, are hard, proposal, disappointment, the area of a paradigm particle.
But these concepts are not impossible, and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and over time.
After several years of document, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivation perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure better ways.
Is it the CDC, but what if you're successful in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn a quick and easy way?
So I left the classroom and I went to university to become a psychologist.
I started studying kids and adults in all kinds of challenging scenarios. And in every study, my question was, who has success here and why?
My research team and I went to the military Academy West Point.
We tried to predict what are they going to stay in the military training and who will be retreated.
We went to the Yellowstone National Congo, and we tried to predict what children are going to move out in the competition.
We study novel teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, asking us what teachers are still teaching for the end of the school year and those who will be the most effective to improve the results of the learning of their students.
We partnered with private companies, asking ourselves, which of these marketers are going to keep their job on the job?
And who's going to make more money?
In all those very different context, it arose a feature as a major prediction of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good look, physical health, and it wasn't the C.
It was determination.
Determination is passion and perseverance.
Determination is to have resistance.
The determination is to save its future, day after day, not only for the week, not only for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
Determination is to live life as if it was a marathon -- not a career at all.
A few years ago, I started studying determination in public schools in Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students who did my determination questionnaires and then wait around over a year to see those who graduate them.
It turns out that kids with more determination had significantly greater chance to graduate -- even when I put them in every feature that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized testing, even security that children felt when they were in school.
So not only is it in West Point or at the National National Congress in which determination matters is also in school, especially for children at risk of abandoned.
For me, the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know the science about its development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do you develop determination in children?
What should I do to teach children an ethical silence of work?
How do you keep them motivated by the long little little little little little little little little little little little little bit?
The most honest answer is, I don't know.  What I know is that talent doesn't give them determines it.
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals who simply don't follow with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, common determination is not related or it's even related to the talent measurements.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing behavior in children is something called "Fingertips of growth?
This is a developed idea at Stanford University, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed -- that it can change with the effort.
Dr. Doubt has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and grow in response to challenge, they're much more likely to perceive when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So the mindset of growth is a great idea to develop determination.
But we need more.
And that's where my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have in front of it.
We need to take our best ideas, our strongest intuitions, and we need to test it.
We need to measure if they've been successful, and we need to be willing to fail, to wrong, to start everything again with lessons learning.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our children more directly.
Thank you.
Growing up in Taiwan as a childhood daughter -- one of my most crowded memories is my mother showing the beauty, the shape and the figure of Chinese characters.
From that moment, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for an foreigners seems to be as important as the Great Wall China.
Over the last few years, I've been wondering if I can break this wall, so that I want to be able to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new method and quick method of learning could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw every single train of every character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese academics understood 20,000 characters.
You just need a thousand to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature -- enough to read transit signals, menus meetings, understand the basic idea of websites or newspapers.
Today I'll start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
They open your mouth as much as you can be polyed.
They get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to take a walk.
Seven.
If the shape of the fire is a person with arms on both sides, as if I was screaming in a fresh way, "self-confidence, I'm lost -- this symbol actually is originally from the form of call, but I like to believe it is the other way. The one that works.
This is a tree.
Treating.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The symbol of the door looks like a couple of doors from one speech in the old West.
I call these eight characters.
They're building blocks so they create many more characters.
A person.
If someone walked back, that's "grade?
As the old man said, two are company, three are cruel.
If one person stimulates their arms, this person is saying "That's like that big."
The person inside the mouth, the person is stuck.
It's a prisoner like Jon inside the whale.
A tree is a tree, two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, we have the sheets.
Put a mouth on the tree -- that's a "childhood."  Easy to remember, because a parallel tree is quite an idiot.
Remember fire?
Two fire together, it becomes very hot.
Three fire together, that's a lot of flames.
Put the fire under the two trees, that's burned.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two sounds together, promise.
Three together, those are straight.
Put the sun and the moon shine together, that's the bright.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and one night.
The sun comes out on the horizon.
A door. Put a table inside the door, it's the clothes of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Do you touch someone at home?
This person is getting hidden from a door, speaking, declined.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing them.
Three women together, get care is advanced.
So we've already gone through nearly 30 characters.
By using this method -- the first eight radical, will allow you to build 32.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32.
So with every little effort, you will be able to learn a couple of hundreds of characters, which is the same thing as a Chinese Chinese Chinese.
So after we met the characters, we started creating phrase.
For example, the mountain and fire together, we have a fire mountain. It's a volcano.
We know Japan is the land of the Sun.
This is a sun placed with the origin because Japan is in the eastern of China.
So a sun next to the origin we created Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left is two mountains attached one on the other.
In the old China, that meant in exile. Because the Chinese members are going to destroy their political enemies beyond the mountains.
Today, the equivalent has become out.
A mouth that tells you where it comes out is a camera.
This is a slide to remind you that I should stop talking and down from stage. Thank you.
What I prefer to be dad is the movies I come to see.
I love to share my favorite films with my kids, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the Oz magician.
The film dominated his imagination for months.
His favorite character was Ghana, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and take a magic variety.
But when you see that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and raise our children in a kind of industrial fantasy show.
However, the Oz magician.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took a matter of the last few years with a little bit later, interestingly, another film whose prototypes -- a metal boy and a furry kid would take a girl dressed in the enemy.
Do you know what I'm talking about?  Yes.
There's a big difference between these two films, there are a couple of big differences between the Oz magician.
One is that there is very little violence in the Oz magician.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like the apples.
But I think if the Oz magician is done today, the magician would say, Dock, you're the Oz salvation as the prophecy.
They use magic shoes to defeat the companies generated by the broken evil computer.
But that's not what happens.
Another one thing about the wave of Oz is that the most heroic characters, wise and even vibrations are women.
I started to notice this when I did Star Warren to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I also had a son.
only three years.
It wasn't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second child, and the surface level had dropped down.  So he was sliding in the room and he was impressed as a mom standing with her patents behind her back, and I don't think he understood what happened, but eventually, he absorbs everything.
I wonder what it was.
Would you be issues of value, perseverance and letter?
Would you have the feeling that Luke got an army to defeat the government?
We compare this with the Oxford de 1912.
How do you win Dogo your movie?
Make good myths with all and be a leadership.
It's the kind of world in which I want my kids to grow OK, OK? And not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so much capital four formation, force in the movies for our children, and so little from the yellow burning path.
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in girls, and they should read. It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how kids react to this strategy.
I know for experience that the Lego princess didn't provide the proper framework that had served me to navigate the adult world that is missing.  I think at the moment of the first kiss. I really hoped that the credit, because it's the end of the movie, right?
My quest has done, I have a girlfriend.
Why are you standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
The films are focused on defeat the violin and getting their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventure.
It's almost like a child, you have to be a silly animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There are lots of exceptions, and it will defend the princess of Disney to any of you.
But they send a message to kids, although they, the boys, are not really their objective public.
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend the patriotime, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the patronance.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, so real and lovely like Berry and Kates, but they don't stop being movies of war.
Of course, the most successful issue of all time continues to appear in classic after classic -- every one of them about the adventures of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and their son, or two men who come up with a girl.
Until as many of you are thinking, this year, finally came out of value.
I recommend all of you. It's available in shops.
Remember what the critic said when Valley came out.
I can't believe that Pixar has made a movie of a principal.
It's very good. Don't let me stop it.
Well, almost none of these movies is the test of Beijing.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It's still not every root and it already spread, but maybe we'll start a movement.
Alisa Bell is a comic comic fold, and in the middle of the 1980s, he recorded a conversation that had had with a friend on the assessment of the films they saw.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that you should do -- in the movie, is there more than a female character that has landscapes?
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
These women talk to each other at some point in the movie?
Their conversations are about something more besides the boy than they like it?  Okay? Thank you.  Thank you.
Two women who exist and talk about things each other.
It happens. I have seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the film we know and love.
In fact, this week I went to see a very good quality of a quick quality.
Right? Rapor of Olympics, touch success -- an idea of what a Hollywood movie is.
Pretty soon, it doesn't pass the Pental test.
And I don't think it should, because a lot of the film, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the film happens in an embassy where men and women hide during the crisis crisis.
We have a lot of scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this scanner, and it's the great moment for one of the activities to take a look at the door and say, come to bed, car?
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2011, of the 100 most popular films, how many of them believe they have female protocols?
Girl: It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women we've chosen recently to Congress, then it's fine.
But there's a greater number than this is going to discuss this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women say it's been sexually assaulted once in their life.
I don't think it's the guilt of mass entertainment.
I don't think the movies for children have something to do with that.
I also don't believe that music videos or pornography are closely linked together, but something wrong with that, and when I hear that statistics, one of the things I think is there is a lot of sexual advantages.
Who are those guys -- what are those kinds of learning?
What don't you get to learn.
They're taking the story that says that the role of a male hero is to defeat the violin with violence, and then to charge the reward, which is a woman who has no friends and not talking about?
Are we taking that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistic and we want to prepare it.
We have tools to our disposal as a power, and we expect that to help, but I have to ask, do we have to be able to protect whether at the same time, active or passionately, are we educating our children so that they keep their male power man?
I mean, I think the Netflix list is a way to do something really important, and here I mean mainly to the parents.
I think we have to show our children a new definition of men.
Machine definition is changing radically changing.
You have read about how the new economy is changing the role that care of home and assault.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter what his favorite character of Star Wars did know what he would say?
Obama.
Olympic and George.
What do these two?
Maybe it's not just bright dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies who know more than anyone, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help us achieve their potential.
They're leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of story for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want less stories where my son is telling my son, and I see and fight only and more stories where you see that their job is to join a team, maybe a team leadership by women, helping other people to improve and be better people, like the Oz magician.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine and one of the things that I was most like to do was to look at sea cookies.
But you know, it's hard to find these contacts.
They're covered with sand and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I used to look for it.
I began to see shapes and patterns that helped me to collect me.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for past and architecture.
And finally when I started studying Egypt, I realized that I saw my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because, suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of a mile long.
And my sea cookies had grown into cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to see another way.
I want to show you an example of how different we see when we use the infrared infrastructure.
This is a place in the eastern roof of Egypt called Bertie.
And the place, in the naked eye, seems to be brown but when we use infrared and we process it by using fake color, suddenly the place looks like bright pink pink.
What you're seeing are the real chemical changes of the landscape caused by the construction materials and the activities of ancient Egyptians and the activities of the ancient Egyptians and activities.
I want to share with you how we used satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city, called Olympics, lost for thousands of years.
United States was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is in the Fabilia, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle East, there was this great renaissance of the ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The Egyptians have always known that Angeles was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that built them, invited within the red circles here, but somewhere within this huge relief plan here.
This area is enormous, it's about six to half a mile area.
Before, the Nike flow right next to Olympics, and as it changed over time, it took it into this and cover the whole city.
So how do you find a self-confident city in an extensive landscape?
I would try to find it in the random equivalent of looking at a needle in a pandemic, with the eyes sold and using baseball gloves using baseball gloves and using baseball gloves and baseball gloves using baseball gloves and baseball gloves using baseball gloves and baseball gloves using baseball gloves and baseball gloves using baseball gloves and baseball gloves using baseball gloves and baseball gloves using baseball gloves and
So we use NASA NASA data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We could see where the Nile flow.
But you can see more disability, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that looks inside the circle here, which we think could be the location of Olympics.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing sample work, you can see it here.
When I say show, it's like the shots of show in ice, but instead of climate change, we seek human occupation layers.
Five feet down, under a thick thick layer -- we found a dense layer of core objects.
This means that in this possible location of Olympics, five feet down, we have a hand of acceleration for several hundred years that date from the Middle East, exactly the same period as we think Arabic.
We also found printer work, mentality, crash and cat -- what shows there was a jewelry workshop.
This might seem like it's not a lot, but when we think about the most common stones used in the jewelry of the Middle Empire, these are the stones that were used.
So we have a dense layer of occupation that comes from the Middle East in this place.
We also have evidence of an elite jewelry workshop that shows that what has been there, was a very important city.
We don't find Olympics here, but let's go back to the place in a nearby future to locate it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also make great discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote of the Middle Empire -- probably I was written in Ollo 4,000 years ago.
To share knowledge is most of all the voters.
There's nothing like that on the ground.
So according to this, TED wasn't founded in 1984 D.
The idea that ideas occur really started in 1984 to C. in a lost city not for a long time and found from the high.
It certainly puts the search for marine contacts in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside, in front of the door of the house.
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door, to the material that's done.
Now visualizing a group of new obese obliterations in bicycle.
They're competing in a nice bike race and they go in direction to their entry door.
I need you to see this really true.
They're paying strong, they're supplying -- they're going out so much.
And they collide against the door of his house.
There are bicycles flying around all places, wheels that go through their side, the wheels that end up in absolute places -- the threshold of the door.
To the lobby, or what you have on the other side of the door, and you look at the quality of the light, the light shining on the Mandela Monteluton.
He's waving them with his hand.
From his chair on a brown horse.
It's a horse that talks about.
You can feel your blue oil in your nose.
You can smell the oats. You can smell the oats. You can smell in the mouth.
On the one side and you go into your living room.
Already in the room, and making maximum use of his imagination, imagine Britney Spider.
He's with a little clothes, dancing on his center, singing "Man Mexico Oly More Time."
Now you go to the kitchen.
The soil has been recovered with a path of yellow buildings, and from the oven comes to Dogo Dogler, the Man of Rob, the Spanish and the Lewis of OK, they grab the hands, jumping up to you.
Okay. Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that takes place every spring in New York.
It's called the United States Memory "The Second States?
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, hoping -- I guess, that this was like the end of a wise superconductor.
There were several men and a few days of different ages and different hygiene.
They were memorize hundreds of random numbers, looking at it once.
They memorize the names of tens and tens of strangers.
They memorized entire poems.
Compare to see who could memorize the order of a barrier deck court.
And I thought, "This is incredible."
These people must be the phenomenon of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed Constant who had come from England and he has one of the best memories trained.
I said, "Well, when you realized you were a sand?
I said, "I'm not a snap.
Actually, I have an average memory.
Everybody who's involved in this competition say they have normal memory.
"We have trained us to perform these miraculous memory acts using some ancient techniques, invented about 2,000 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that City used to memorize their speech, and that medieval academics used to memorize entire books to memorize the entire books.
And my reaction was, "Hey, how did you have never heard of this before?
We were standing outside of the competition, and E. who is a wonderful and brilliant English, even though a little bit of a extraction, he said, "John, you're an American journalist.
You know British Spider"] you know.
And I said, "What? No, why?
"Because I would like to teach Britney Spider how to memorize the order in a live barrel -- in national television.
That would test the world that anybody can do it?
And I said, "Well, I'm not Britney Spider, but maybe you can teach me.
You have to start by something not?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the next year not only training my memory, but also research, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work and what it can be their potential.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called E.
He's a manufacturing, very probably with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that he didn't even remember that he had a memory problem, it's amazing.
Someone incredibly tragic -- but it was a window that allowed to see how much our memory makes us who we are.
On the other end of the spectrum, I met this man.
This is Kim Pepse. In him he was based on the Daddam House paper in the movie "Rare Man."
We spent a afternoon together in the public library of Salt Lake City, memorized telephone, which was constantly.
And by coming back, I read a number of treaties about the written memory something more than 2,000 years ago in Latin, in the Antarctica and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time that this idea of having trained memory, discipline and culture was not as rare as it can seem like it today.
A long time ago, people invested in their memory, in providing freedom their minds.
These techniques have made our modern world, but they've also changed us.
They've changed us culturally and I would say that they've changed us as well.
As we almost don't have to remember, sometimes we seem to have forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where people are still passionate about this idea of a trained memory, discipline and culture is this very simple competition of memory.
It's actually not that simple, there are competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated. I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers at the University College of London invited a group of memory champions to the lab.
They wanted to know that it has brains in some ways, structural or analytical or analytical than the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they smarter than the rest of it?
They gave them a cognitive test battery and the answer was actually not.
There was yet a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the control subjects with them compared them.
When they put them in a magnetic MRI machine, they climbed their brains as they memorized numbers and faces and forms of snow copies, they found that in memory camps were lit up parts of the brain, different to others.
They actually used them, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves space memory and navigation.
Why? Is there something we can learn from this?
The complete memory tournament is driven as a armed career where each year appears with a new way to remember more things, faster, and then the rest of the competitors should be put a day.
This is my friend Ben Prize, three times of memory.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 barriers of sub-Saharan barriers that he's about to try to memorize it in an hour, using a technique that he invented and he just mastered it.
He uses a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 4,000 random binary digits.
It's half a year. Yes.
And while there is a lot of ways to remember things in these competitions, absolutely all the techniques used at the end is reduced to a single concept that psychologists call "the Working "consumers?
It illustrates with a paradox elegation known as the paradox "Forget "The "The New (Augonia," saying, I say to two people who remember the same word.
That's his approach.
And then I ask them, "You know there's a "sense."
And when I go back later, and I ask them, "Do you know that word I told you about a battle a bit?
"You know what it was?
The person he told her that his name is Barbara is unlikely to remember the same word as the person who told her that his work is "a worker.
Same word, different memory capability, that's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the name Baye, actually, doesn't mean anything for you. It doesn't have any relationship to you.
With all the other memories they dance for his head.
But the word "way," we know pandemics.
They use simple white hats.
They have horse in their hands.
They smell well when they go home to work.
We probably know some paradigm.
And when we first took that word for the first time, we began to put astronomers to easily fisheries at some point.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this data from 2,500 years ago in the ancient Greece Greece.
It's known as the "Martin of memory.
The story is this: There was a poet called Simons that attended a bank.
They had hired it as entertainment, because before, if I wanted to give a very good party party, it didn't take a DNA, they hired a poem.
He stood up and he picks up his memory poem and she markets, and so soon he went, the bank of the banker collapsed.
We killed everyone.
But not only killed all of them, but it destroys the bodies to be introduced.
No one could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting there.
So they couldn't get the bodies in.
One tragedy behind the other.
Simple, standing outside, unique survivor, in the middle of the rubble -- closed the eyes, and realized that with the eyes of his mind, he could see where he had been sitting every winter.
I took the family family on the hand where they were their loved ones between the rubble.
What Symbolisma advertised at that point is something that we all know about more or less intuitively -- and it is that no matter whether we're not good at remembering names or phone numbers or instructions for a word of our colleagues, we have visual memory and exceptional space.
If I asked you to recover the first 10 words of history that I just told you about Singapore, it's very likely to be very difficult to do it.
But I would bet that if you ask them to say who was sitting about the brown horse in his lobby, they would be able to visualize it.
The idea of the memory palace is to create this building with the eyes of its mind and the population of images with the things that you want to remember -- the more crazy, described, funny, excited and approached is the image, more inexpensive to be.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, to the first memory treaties in Latin, to the first few memory.
And how does it work?
Let's say you have been invited to the TED stage to give a talk, and they want to make it memory -- the same way that City had done it if they had invited it to TEDx 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine you're on the door of your house.
And I would get some kind of absolutely ridiculous, crazy and inefficient image to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that competition completely inspired.
And then you can imagine entering your house, and you see the Malaria Mandard mounted on Mission E.
And that reminded you that you want to introduce your friend Ed Cook.
And then you would see Britney Spider to remind you that funny anecdote that you want to count.
And then they walked into the kitchen, and the fourth topic that they talked about would be that strange journey that they did for a whole year, and they have some friends to help them remember them.
This is how the Roman speakers memorize their speech, not word for word, which is going to confuse them, but typical by typical.
In fact, the term "shot," comes from the Greek "The Green that means "Machine."
It's a self-report of when people thought about the orphanage and the rhetoric with this kind of space terms.
The phrase "In the first place, it would be like the first place in your memory.
I saw that this was just fascinating, and I was filled with that.
I went to some of these memory competition, and I had the idea of writing something outside about this competitive memorized membershind.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a passionate event.
Seriously, it's like looking at a lot of people sitting on the exhibition taking tests. I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when someone gets upset.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try and put it in place.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat down to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem, or the names of an old school blob bought in a chicken market.
And I found that this was surprisingly entraptive.
I had never expected it to be.
It was an entraptive, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What is actually about doing is to make the ability more and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images -- comics, professionals, insects, analogies and inexpensive eyes, in the eye of mind.
I was very excited about this.
This is me, using my standard training team for memory competition.
It's a couple of holes and a few security goggles.
I ended up coming back to the same competition that I had covered a year before. I had the idea that I could get in, in a kind of participatory periodic experiment.
I thought this could serve good education for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the competition -- something that didn't have to happen.
Of course, it's nice to be able to memorize speech, and phone numbers, and shopping lists, but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because it's based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And you don't need to be able to build patterns from memory or memorize barriers to benefit with a little bit of insights about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it comes to an innate gift, but it's not the case.
The big memories are educated.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we concentrate deeply.
The memory palace -- these memory techniques, are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even attacked.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of deep processing -- a whole kind of complete attention that most of them didn't go out there.
But the reality is there's no shortcuts.
This is how things get memorized.
And if there's something that I want to leave you today, it's what ED: the advice I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, I left me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose what is already our short existence to lose in the Balkans or iPhone, not paying attention to the human being in front of us, who walk on our side. We're so honest that we don't even bother ourselves in processing in deep process?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memory life, you must be the kind of person that remembers remembering remember.
Thank you.
I'll talk to you today about the last 30 years of the history of architecture.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex topic, so we will address just a complex place, New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I am from New Jersey, I was six years old and I lived there at home from my parents in a village called Liberia, and this was my kid.
In the corner, from my bedroom, I was the bathroom I shared with my sister.
And between my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a ball that I gave the living room.
And there they all passed the template looking at the telly -- so every time I went from my room to the bathroom, all of me looked at me, and every time I stood up and I went back into a towel, all of you see me.
And I was like this.
It was a nice, insecure and hated it.
I hated that back, hated that ball, hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
Ready.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about math, or diversity of zones but those visceral connections, emotional conditions, that we feel in the places we occupy on.
And it's not surprising that we sit in that way, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency  Americans spend 90 percent of their time under roof.
I mean, 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways that we don't even realize us.
That makes us a little bit naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what you do -- you think about "God, "There's "The "The "self-confidence,"
And I know that you think about it for based on a building building 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a desperate that the architects use to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection, we've used this trick for a long, long time.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century in America, we use it to build houses.
You see, these standard soldiers are standard, solid, in front of the sea, removed from the elements.
This is very, very helpful because building things is terrifying.
It's expensive, it takes a long time and it's very complicated.
The people who build urban and governments, they always have fear to innovation, and they prefer to use ways that they know they're going to work.
So we met buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Public Public Library that was finished in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, it has a dome -- it has this round thing, columns -- colors, red board, who let Windows try to communicate with this building, the kids, the property values the story.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That year in 2004, the other side of the country, was finished another library that looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use media in the digital age.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to meet and read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both of them called libraries, are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works according to the principle of the public.
On one side is innovation, architects that are constantly pushing new technologies, new types, new solutions for the forms of current life.
We drive, let's drive and drive so much, that we get completely from people.
All of black, this depressed, you think we feel very good, but we're dead in because we don't have any choice.
We have to go on the other side and come back to connect with those appreciated symbols.
So we do that, and we're all happy, but we feel like translators. So we start experimenting again, and we are going to swing the population back back to forward, over and over again, so we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago, we went out in the 1970s.
The architects were busy experimenting with the so-called "Foreign called "The "Artistors."
It has to do with the concrete.
You can guess.
Small windows on the messy scale.
Something really hard.
So we went into the '80s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We put the paper back in the other direction.
We take those ways we know that we like and we update them.
We add up and add passengers and we use new materials.
They love it.
We don't give it advance.
We take Charmetine grounds and we turn them into skyscrapers that can be metabolic massive materials made of glass.
The forms are straight, they won in audacious and color.
The English became columns.
The colds grew up to the size of buildings.
A madness.
But it was 80, that was great.
We all spend the rat in commercial centers, we moved to the neighborhoods, and there in the suburbs we can create our own architectural fantasy.
Those fantasy could be to meditator, the French or the Italian one.
So possibly with a bread of bread.
This is what happens with the pollution.
This is what happens with symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we are recreating memories from other places.
I know very well, and you all know, this is not the Tomoriso.
This is Olympic.
The architects feel frustrated and we start to swing the power back in the other direction.
In the '80s and in the early '90s, we started experimenting with the so-called deconstruction.
We go through the historical symbols, now we have new device of design associated with computers, and we find out with new composition, some ways that stars against other forms.
This is academic and exposure, and it's super impossible. You have totally excluded.
Normally, the chicken will swing back in opposite direction.
But then something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building.
It's the Bio-house Guardian from Frank George.
This building fundamentally changed the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Golden said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critics and academic and public in general, were completely according to a building.
The New York Times newspaper is a miracle construction of it.
The tourism in Bilbao increases in a billion percent when the building ended up the building.
So all of a sudden, everybody wanted one of those buildings, Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Clare, Spinal.
Everybody wanted one, and Gehry was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these ways, wild and radical, how is it possible to become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because media is going around them, and we quickly learned that those forms meant culture and tourism.
We've created an emotional reaction with these forms.
Same did the main mayor of the world.
So everybody believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and tourism.
This phenomenon of beginning from the new millennium, country with other star architects.
It happened to Zawah and Liberia, and what happened with these few elite architects in the threshold of new millennium, actually began to happen with all of architecture, the digital media began to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think about it, for example, how you consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, they would have to have walked up to the next village to see a building.
The transportation is accelerating, you can take a boat, a plane, you can be tourists.
The technology accomplished. You can see in the newspapers, on TV, and at the end, we are all photographers of architecture, and the building is transported beyond their physical location.
Architecture is everywhere, that means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It doesn't cost a long time to think about a building.
It takes a long time to build a building, three or four years old, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 more buildings before I know that the one I designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there's never been good feedback in architecture.
That's how we meet buildings like this.
The brown wasn't a two-year-old movement but 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they found them.
That's never going to happen, I think, because we're in the threshold of the largest revolution from the invention of the ant or steel or accelerator, and it's the media revolution.
My theory is that when the paper applies to the media, it starts to spend faster and faster, until they will be in both extremes almost in simulation, and effectively the difference between innovation and symbol, between us, the architects, and you, the public.
We can now make symbols almost instantly, with emotional charge of something completely new.
I'll teach you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that was fired.
This is the center of a village called Pines in Frank Island, in the state of New York.
It's a community of vacation.
But that means that two years before the building, it was already part of the community, and as drawings looked exactly like the product, there was no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community. That first summer, when people began to get and share it in social media, the building stopped being just a building, became a media, because these are not just images of a building, are the images that you did from the building.
And as you use them to tell their story, they become part of the personal narrative, and that makes a collection of collective memory, and when we carry these symbols, we learn.
That is, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell us what we think about architecture, because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us, but they've changed the relationship between us and the buildings.
Think about a second in those Librarians of Liberia.
If that building is built today, first we went to the Internet for limited libraries?
We would be bombarded with examples of experiment, of innovation, about what a library can be.
That's multiplexity.
Muslims that can lead to the Libries of Liberia, the people in Liberia, and tell them that there is no unique answer to what a library can be today.
We're part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experience.
It's all different now.
Architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use nasty words and complicated drawings -- and one is no longer a depressing audience that doesn't accept something that hasn't seen before.
Architects can listen, and you don't leave the architecture.
That means that the puzzle of one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find proper solutions to the problems facing society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that tomorrow buildings will be very different to buildings today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Seven can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn, can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historic imitation of red brick based on ideas of what it should be a stadium.
This means that a few robots will be able to build our buildings, because we finally are ready for the shapes that are going to produce.
That means that buildings are attached to the whims of nature and not the opposite.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sports or for yoga.
This means that three architects can dream on the East Side of New York City and raised half a million dollars from the community around that cause, no longer a client alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little pavilion of networks, as muscle and fibers as the animals that are going to look at.
Because no matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build, what matters is what we build.
Architects already know how to do more ecological buildings, smarter and more kind.
We've been waiting for all of you to do it.
Finally, we're not on opposite side.
They find an architect and control and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there is a lot in play.
Buildings don't only reflect our society, but they shape the smaller space, local libraries -- homes where we form our children, and the step of the bedroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Steve.
He just turned a year and she already started walking.
And it does it in that great way, typical of the children of a year, translations, as if your body was moving too fast for your legs.
It's totally beautiful.
And one of the things that I like to do at the moment is look at the mirror.
She really loves his reflection ...
He goes back and called himself and he gives themselves these big and gravitational kisses themselves.
It's beautiful.
Apparently, all of his friends do this and my mom tells me that I used to do it, and it made me think, "When do I stop doing this?
How are we suddenly not comfortable with our approach?
Because, apparently, we don't like it.
Every month, 10,000 people look at Google, "I am a press."
This is Fab, it's 13 years old and lives in Denner.
And as any teenage teenager, it just wants to be dear and fit in.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for next week in school.
It has a little scary. It's a little bit confused because, even though his mom tells him the whole thing he's beautiful, every day in school, someone tells him it's ugly.
Among what his mom tells him and what his friends, or the school colleagues say, don't know who to believe.
So it makes a video of it itself, I published it in YouTube, and I ask others to please leave a comment and am I a bit?
Well, so far, Faiza has received more than 13,000 comments.
Some of these are so disappointed, that it doesn't even deserve your mind thinking about them.
We talk about a healthy teenager, normal and correctional, who receives these responses in one of the stages of their most emotionally vulnerable life.
Thousands of people are publishing videos like this, in their most teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what is it doing doing this?
Well, today's teenagers are almost never alone.
They're under pressure of being online and available all the time, talking, goal, saying, "I like the likes -- communication, sharing, publishing -- this never ended.
We have never been so connected before, in a continuous way, so young.
As a mother said, "It's like a party in your room every night.
There is simply no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from hand with that are implanted.
This environment, from being always connected is being adviced to our children to self-assemble based on the number of "I like it, they have and the kinds of comments that they get.
There's no division between a life online and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what it's real or what isn't.
And also, it's very hard to know the difference between what is authentic and what it is that is digitally manipulated by it.
What is the most sponsored thing in the life of someone in front of what is normal in a daily context?
And where are you looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are cover.
Survey models continue to dominate our passengers.
The advertising technique is now a routine.
And trends like terrorists, Tahrir, Arabic and Pinamia.
For those of you who discovered it.
These trends are associated with women in popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what young people are.
But kids are not immune to this.
Like the supernovae stars of the sport, and the singers were inside.
But what's the problem with all this?
Well, we certainly want our kids to grow healthy and be very dangerous individuals.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance, at the price of all other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical capability, their studies and other aspects start to suffer.
Six of 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they don't see the good enough.
These are not trivial activities.
They're fundamental activities for growth as human beings and as advanced to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in class debates -- they avoid participating in the classroom debates because they don't want to call attention for their physical appearance.
One in five are not attending classes at all during the days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the exhibit season, if you don't think you see you good enough, specifically if you don't think you're thin enough, you get a smaller note to the average of your partners who don't care about it.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland and United States and China.
And it becomes irrespective of what these young people do.
So, so that it's good of course, we're talking about how you see you, not how you really are.
The low self-esteem on its body is defending academic performance.
And it's also penguing health.
Teachers with a little self-esteem perform less physical activity, eat less fruits and vegetables, participating in more no healthy diet than they can take to a food defense.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by the people that surround them and are at greater risk of depression.
And we think that's all for what they make more risk decisions, like alcohol consumption and drugs, dramatic diet, aesthetic surgery, sexual relationships to early ages and without protection and drug self-assembly.
The pursuit of perfect body is pushing the health care system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe they have overweight again, regardless of whether they have or they don't have higher warning rates.
17 percent of women don't present a job interview in a day where they don't feel safe to the way they look like.
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that opportunity for?
liberating this potential is interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, speaking, for itself, doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key shapes, the first one is that we have to instill trust in their own body.
We have to help our teenagers develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect imagery and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that many well-intentioned programs, without realizing it, to start the situation.
So we should make sure that the program that follow our children not only have a positive impact, but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs will focus on six key areas, the first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are critical parts for any willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
An education is fundamental, but we face this problem requires each of us that we take the restaurants in the issue, and we're a better model to follow for women and girls in our own lives.
They challenge the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to count with the emergence of our policies in hair cuts or the size of their chest, or to inspire that determination or success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a great beauty.
We need to start judging people for what they are, not as they look like.
We can all start making responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can empower people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you, when was the last time you got a mirror.
In short, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as businesses, to truly change our culture, so that our children grow to value all of their own person, valuing individuality, diversity, inclusion ...
We have to put people who are actually making the difference in a pedestrian.
And by making a difference in the real world, we do that they are the ones that go out in the big screen because we only create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they think they see that they are never aware of being who they are, or to reach what they want in their lives.
Think what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who have in mind?
How about his wife.
Is her his sister.
How about your daughter?
Is her neighborhood to his friend?
It could simply be the woman who is two seats away. What would it mean for her if he was released from that autonomous voice inside that interest -- that he was scared by not having long legs -- many more thin, a smaller limit, feet smaller?
What would it mean for her if we underestimate this and we would say, risk to their potential that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images is retreating us all.
But let's move to our children the truth.
Let's teach that the way you see you is just a part of your identity, and that the truth is that you love them for those who are and what they do, and why they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in our schools.
We changed each of us, the way we talk about and compared to other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the small translates of an age of today, will become agents of safe change in themselves.
Let's do it.
On November 5, 1990, a gentleman named State New entered a hotel in Manhattan and killed the rabbi Mellon Katrina, the leader of the Department of Defense July.
They initially found it innocent -- but being pressure by other minor charges -- in the company of others, started planning attacks at about 12 icons in New York City, including tunnels and synapses and the United Nations.
Luckily, those plans were frustrated by an FBI informant report.
Sadly, the 1993 bomb at the World Trade Center couldn't avoid it.
More later it would be convicted for his participation in that attack.
Station National is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being an Egyptian engineer, with an American mother, elementary school teacher -- among the two made all the possible for giving a happy childhood.
Only when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam -- that very few, even most Muslims come to know.
For experience, I saw that when people take time to interact with, it doesn't require much to get to wish the same things in life.
However, in all religion, in every human group, there is always a little fraction of people who are terrified about so dramatically to their convictions that think they have to use all the media so that they all live like them.
A few months before he sat with me and explained to me that in the last few weeks, he and some friends had been going to train training in Long Island, to practice.
He told me that I was going to go the next day.
We came to the Calvaries of Carl Charles, which without knowing our group, was violated by the FBI.
When I got to stop, my father helped me to hold the rifle.
That day, with the last bullet that he shot gave the little orange light on the goal and, to surprise everybody, especially the whole goal in the flames.
My uncle turned into the other and in Arabic, he said "beneath abuse."
From such a parent, such a son.
All of the comment gave them a lot of laughter, but just a few years later, I understood what they were so funny.
You saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause me.
Those people later would be convicted for putting up a range of 700 pounds of explosives in the sub-Saharan parking of the World Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and did to another 1,000.
I admired those men.
He called them "a "choose," which means uncle.
When I turned 19, I had already moved 20 times. That instability during my childhood didn't allow me to do a lot of friends.
Every time I started feeling comfortable about somebody already was time to push and go to another city.
As it was always me, the new face of the class often was a male victim.
I kept secret my identity to avoid being the white, but it will be the new of the class, silence and regulatory, was enough music.
So most of the time I spent it at home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons, I didn't develop social skills -- to say surprise, to grow under the families, I wasn't prepared for the real world.
I was educated to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators like their race or their religion.
So how could I open your eyes?
One of the first experiences they put to test my thinking, it was during presidential elections in 2000.
In a documentary program in which he involved at the National National Convention, Philadelphia.
My group was focused on youth violence, as I had been victims of killing most of my life, was something I felt so much passion.
The members of this group came from diverse procedures.
One day, at the end of the convention, I found that one of the kids who we had made friendship was Jewish.
I took several days out to light this detail and I realized that there was no analysis between the two.
I never had a Jewish friend of mine, and frankly, I felt very proud to have been able to beat the barrier that all of life had made me believe it was infected.
Another crucial moment came up when I got a summer job in Bush Gardens, a amusement park.
I met people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures, that experience was fundamental in the development of my character.
All of life had taught me that the homosexual was a sin and, by extension, all of the guys were bad influence.
By accident. I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most kind, less critical than I had seen in life.
Having been heat as a child, I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat loved people, exactly the way I would have wished to be treated.
For that feeling I could confront the stereotypes that had taught me as a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know how to be happy, but I know what is going to be judged by something beyond my control.
Then he came the Sheel Show."
Every night, Jon Stewart made me inherently honest about my intuitives, and helped me see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with character.
In many ways, he became my home figure in a moment where I was desperately needed.
In occasion, inspiration can come from the unexpected. And that a Jewish comedian had had a better influence in my life than my own father, entertainment, wasn't in grass.
I had a conversation with my mother on my mother about how I was changing my thinking, and she told me something that would keep in my heart forever while he's alive.
She looked at me with the tired eyes of someone who has suffered enough with interestingly documentary and said, "I'm tired of hate or order."
At that time, I realized how much negative energy is needed to keep all that hatred in your inside.
My real name is not Zah Ebod.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why do I decided to go out and put it in a right?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope that someone -- some day, who is trying to lead to violence, can hear my story and understand that there is a better path, that even though I was connected to this violent and intriguing ideology I didn't get to make a fantasy.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against prevention.
I do it by the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones, and for the terrible pain and loss that terrorism has produced them in their lives.
By the victims of terrorism speak, against those meaningless acts -- as a rejection to my father's actions.
With this simple I'm exposed here as proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race -- that children don't have to follow the pathways of their parents.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
At this point, there's a film that is projected in your mind.
It's an incredible malaria movie.
It's in 3D, and it has surrounding sound of what you hear and see right now. But that's just the beginning.
Your film has art, taste and texture.
You feel your body, your pain, your hunger, your pleasure.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It has memories, as the moments of your childhood that you project in front of your eyes.
And it has constantly a voice superimposed in your conscious thinking stream.
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything in direction.
This film is your conscience, the subject of the experience of mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of human being.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an internal movie of it, you, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know I have a consciousness itself.
I have no certainty that you are aware of you.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we were not aware of it, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time, it's the most mysterious phenomenon of the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal films ...
Why are we not just robots that we have to do to produce results without experiencing the movie movie?
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible for a science of consciousness.
Science, by nature, is goal.
Consciousness, by nature, is subjective.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because most of the 20th century, they predicted that vision.
psychology studied the behavior obsessed -- neuroscience studied the brain objectively -- but nobody mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
And then 20 years ago, it all started to change.
News like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Pennsylvania said, "Now it's the time for science to tackle consciousness."
And since then, there was a real explosion -- a flourishing of scientific work about consciousness.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment.
The center of consciousness science in recent years was the pursuit of correlations -- correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw something about this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Kanzi presented a few minutes ago.
Now we understand a lot better, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling happy.
But this is still a science of corrections.
It's not a science of explanations here.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to you that this kind of work of neuroscience responds some questions that we want to explain the consciousness, the questions about what certain areas of the brain do and what they correlate with.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
We don't have to offend neuroscience.
There are no easy problems with consciousness.
Now you don't address the real central mystery of this matter, why do every physical process in the brain have to be accompanied by consciousness?
Why is there a subjective internal movie.
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, give me a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like the implants, like humility, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical observations are all cases of emerging behaviors, how the implements operate -- how the hungry works, how they reproduce, they adapt and metabolize the living organisms -- they're all questions about the objective works.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon, how we walk, how we talk, how we play chess -- they're all questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, the questions about behavior are among the easy problems.
But the hard problem is the question of why is it that every behavior is accompanied by a subjective experience?
And here it is, the standard paradigm of the emergence -- the standard paradigm of neuroscience doesn't really have a lot to say.
I'm a heart scientist material.
I want a scientific theory of authority that works. For a long time, I hit my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms that will work.
But at the end I came to the conclusion that it didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we were stuck at this point.
We have a chain of wonderful explanations, great. We're used to this, physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are conscious.
On the other, we don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think consciousness right now, is a kind of anomaly -- something that we need to integrate our view of the world, but we don't know how.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas -- I think we need ideas that are at the beginning of the beginning, before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Denner, who's here today, has one.
Their crazy idea is that there is no hard problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of the inner subjective film includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
Actually, what you need to do, is to explain objective functions, brain behaviors -- and so you study everything that needs explanation.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reduction consciousness, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is pretty close to simply deny that the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I go in a different direction.
In the time I have -- I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be primary.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is critical.
The physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental buildings, space, time and mass.
They put fundamental laws that govern them, like gravity laws or quantum mechanics.
These laws and fundamental properties don't explain in terms of anything else.
Instead, they consider fundamental and the world is constructed.
Sometimes, the list of the fundamental thing is adapting.
In the 19th century, I discovered that you can't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts of fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass laws, News -- so I put the basic laws of the electronics and pollution the electric load as a fundamental concept that these govern laws.
I think that's the situation that we find out with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas, space, time, mass, load -- then by logic of logic, you have to add the list.
The most natural thing would be to put consciousness itself as a fundamental thing, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not the object of science.
It opens the path to scientifically handle it.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass -- physical processes.
The physicists sometimes say we want fundamental laws that we can put them into a repeat.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws that are so simple that we can throw them into a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we seek for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision is sometimes called pandemics, "There's for all of us, "benefits, every system is conscious -- not only humans, dogs, mice, flies, even microbes from Rob Kenya, the elementary particles.
Even a fold has any degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that the photons are smart or you think.
It's not that a fold can be full of anxiety when you think "Oh, always traveling at the speed of light.
I can never wake up and smell the roads."
No, so no.
But the thought is that perhaps the photons can have some element of raw feeling, subjective precipitation, some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little bit crazy.
How would someone think something so crazy?
Part of this comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental as space, time and mass, it's natural to assume that it can also be universal, just like others.
It's also worth noticing that although the idea seems to us, it's much less for people in different cultures, where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful way to find fundamental laws that relate to thinking about the physical process, is to link awareness with information.
Whenever there is processing information, there is consciousness.
complex information, as in a human being, complex awareness.
Simple information processing. simple awareness.
One very exciting thing is that in recent years a neuroscience, Gillian Tony, took this kind of theory and development with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information, which is called public, which measures the degree of information integrated in a system.
And I suppose it has to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there is an incredible high degree of information integration -- a high play -- a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there is an average degree of information integration -- just quite significant.
But when you get to the romantics, microbes, particles -- the pleasure of pleasure says.
The information level of information is lower, but it's not zero either.
In Tony theory, there will still be a level of different awareness.
In fact, I propose a fundamental law of consciousness, high degrees of pulse, high degrees of consciousness.
Moreover, another reason is that we can help integrate consciousness to the physical world.
physicists and philosophers often have observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but we don't talk about the reality that underlies below.
As Stephen Hawking explained, "Where do you get the fire of equations?
From the technical vision, the equations of physics can be left as they are, but they can be used to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts fire in the equations.
In that vision, consciousness is not out of the physical world as a kind of addition.
It's right there in the center.
This vision, I think, the pandemic vision, has the potential to transform our relationship with nature, and it can have social consequences.
Some may be class.
I used to think that I shouldn't eat anything that I had consciousness, then I had to be vegetarians.
If you're a Panbanisha and you accept that vision, you will have a lot of hunger.
I think they tend to think about it to transform your vision, while what matters in ethical terms and moral consequences, is not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the artificial intelligence system in Samaking in the movie "Wow."
Is it conscious?
According to the view of pandemic information, she has a complicated information processing -- integrated information so that the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, you get pretty serious ethical problems on the ethics of the development of smart computers and the ethics of getting them off.
Finally, you can ask for complete collective consciousness, the planet.
Does Canada have its own consciousness.
Or a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience in a TED Talk. Right now, we have a collective TED consciousness, an internal movie for this whole TED group, different from the internal movies of each other parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that needs to be serious.
So this phone view is a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is fundamental than the second one, that it's universal.
Vision raises many questions, many challenges, like, how those bits of thinking contributes to the kind of complex consciousness that we know and love us.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we're going on the right path towards a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, well, this is probably the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight.
But I think we finally go to discover it.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the right crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a small rural village in Vietnam.
I had a very normal profile, a low education profile.
I went to school, I met my friends, I started my younger sisters.
It was all very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community approached my parents because I wanted to name for a community prize.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very book, but there's an obvious problem.
She's actually not achieved anything?  And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades. After school, I had a low profile in my mother's office, and I spent a lot of time looking at the series "The Vambia Saman and "God Crise."
Yeah, I know. What contradiction.
But they were right.
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that you can consider as a achievement if we take disability out of the equation.
Years later, I was in the second part of the teaching in a high school in Mellone -- just after about 20 minutes in the class 11 of legal studies a boy raised his hand and said, "Hey, when would you give your discussion."
I said, "What are you discovered?
Well, I had been talking about the law of distinction for about 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, your motivation speech.
When people in wheelchair, do they talk about inspiring things at school?
"Please in the stock room.
And it was then when I realized, this child had had experiences with people with disability and inspiration.
And we're not. And it's not the fault of the boy -- that's true for many of us.
For us, disabled people are not our teachers or our doctors or our manufacturing.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire it.
And in fact, I'm on this stage looking like what I do in this wheelchair. And probably you are waiting for them to inspire them. Right?  Yeah.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid of disability.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that they have lied to the disability.
Yes, we've sold us the lie that disability is bad.
It's bad and living with a disability you make you excited.
It's not a bad thing and I can't make it exceptional.
And in the last few years, we've been able to spread even more of this lie through social media.
You may have seen images like this, "The only disability in life is a bad attitude.
Or this one, "Your excuse is invade?
Or this one, just stop, intuitive."
These are just a couple of examples, but there is a lot of them.
You may have seen one of the without hands drawing with a pencil sustainable by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who runs with artificial legs of carbon fiber.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call pure inspiration.
And I use the pure term deliberately because it empowers a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we moved to the disability of people without disabilities.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, to motivate them, so that we can see them and think, "Well, for very bad it is my life, it could be worse.
I could be that person.
But what if you're that person?
I've lost the story of the number of times that have been approached by strangers who believe that I am a courageous or a source of inspiration -- and this happens before my job had a public profile.
It was like I was happy to get up in the morning and remember my own name.  And this is cooking.
These images, those images matched people with disability in the benefit of people without disabilities.
They're there so that you can see them and think that things are not as bad for you, or to put their concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something hard.
Let's know some things.
But the things we know is not the things that you can think.
They're not relative to our bodies.
I use the term "storyteller disability, deliberately because I was inspired by calling social model of disability that tells us that we are more disability because of the society that we live than because of our bodies or diagnosis.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very excited with it.
I do things that I need to do, and I've learned how to take the best of their ability as you do, and that's what happens with children from those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything out of the common.
They're just using their bodies taking the best of their capacity.
So is it really fair to match it in the way we do it, when we share those images.
When people say, "You're a source of inspiration -- it says it as a hard.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because they've sold us this lie that disability makes us exciting.
And honestly, it's not.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here smoking the inspiration -- and you think, "Oh God, are you not sometimes inspired by something?
And actually, I know I am.
I learned from other people with disability at all time.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
I learned that this is a great idea to use a few pieces of barrier to pick up the things that get me out --  I learned the ingenious trick of how to load the mobile phone battery in the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn from the strength and resilience of others, not against our bodies and our diagnosis but a world that exceptions and cost us.
I really believe that that lie that has sold us about disability is the greatest injustice.
It makes us a hard life.
And that quote, "The only disability in life is a bad attitude, the reason that that's lie is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smile to a stage of stairs has never done that it becomes a radio.
Never.   smile to a television screen will not make the subtitles for deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a book and irrational a positive attitude will convert all those books into the brown.
It's just not going to happen.
I really want to live in a world where disability is not the exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15 year-old girl, sitting in his bedroom watching "The Vagina Sandwich," is not considered not to deserve anything to be on a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disability that we're happy to get out of bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disability -- and I want to live in a world where a 11 degree child in a high school of Melbourne is not a little bit surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair user user user user user user user user user user user user user user.
disability doesn't make us wonder, but question what you believe to know about it is that it does.
Thank you.
What have the reality of augmented reality and professional football.
And what is the average speed of a polio poster without care?
Unfortunately, today, I'll just answer one of those questions, so please don't be broken.
When people think about augmented reality, they think about "Mission Republic, and in Tom Cross offering the hands in the air, but the augmented reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and will happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know it, because the augmented reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how do we get to the armed reality?
The first step, this is what I carry on, the Google Glass.
I'm sure many of them are familiar with them.
What you might not know is that Google Gardens are a device that allows them to see what I see.
I'll allow you to experience what is a professional sport in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I tried to describe it.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use Google Glass, underneath a helmet and knowing what is running through the game camp at 160 miles, blood gives the ears.
We can know that it feels like a man of 110 pounds, to try to get rid of all of his being.
I've been there and I assure you that it's not nice.
I brought some videos to show you what Google Glass, under the helmet and give you an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images of the NBA practices, because the idea of the NIA emerging technology is a submarine rising to the surface. But we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Khaled: Let's go.
It's horrible to be touched.
A moment. Let's zoom in a little bit.
You ready?
Go!
Chris Khaled: As you can see, it's a proof of what is being stored in the football field, from the perspective.
You have to realize that you lack people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, correlates from the University of Washington.
field. Mice 54, 45 mice 54.
Blue 8, blue 8: Go!
Chris Khaled: This is a little bit more about the feeling being in the field, but it has nothing to do with being at NASA.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, being their favorite players, and they've asked me in YouTube and on Twitter, "You can see from the angle of a field market.
What about a curve?
We want to experience that?
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Glass, how do we get together -- how do we take it to the next level?
We took it to that level using something called Ocean Rick, which surely many already you know.
The Rift October has been described as the most realistic virtual reality device ever created, and it's not cheap word.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh.
No, no, no, no. I don't want to keep playing. No!
Oh, my God. Ah!
CK: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain who is afraid of his life.
What will be the experience of a fan when we record an Adrian Peter video crossing the line, removing from a transplant with the arm, before running and making an Angele-content. What will be the experience of a fan.
When it can be Mexico running down the canal, throwing the ball at the bottom of the network?
What will be your experience when you get out of a mountain to more than 100 miles like an Olympic space?
Maybe you increase the sales of diapers for adults.
But this is not really auditory.
It's just virtual reality, Rib.
How do we reach the augmented reality, right?
We will embrace the augmented reality when the coaches and the mergers and the owners look at what people want to look at and think, "How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win parties?
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win. They give them money.
So, here's a brief review about technology at NASA.
In 1965, Ballets of Baltimore put a guide to their field puppet so that it would play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the NSA puts radio in the cars of the fields of field and after the defense.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more entirely.
In 2013, imagine you're a player coming back to your group and you see their next play shown in front of you, in a plastic view that they take place. They don't have to worry about forgetting a play.
I heard the strategy.
They just go out to the field and react.
And the coaches want it because if they don't follow their instructions, they lose parties, and they hate to lose parties.
If you lose parties you wake up as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But the augmented reality is not just a management manufacturer.
The augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the game.
How would it be done?
Well, a very simple option would be to have a camera in every corner corner of the stadium, having a view from the high people who are down.
You also get information from the sensors and the self-assembly, something that's already working.
And all that information is sent into your players.
The good teams know to send them.
The bad ones will have about information.
This is going to differentiate the good teams.
So your computer team will be as important as your reconstructions, and the data analysis stop being just for nerds.
Who would have imagined it.
How would it be in the field?
Imagine that you are the field.
You get the balance and you go back.
You look for an open receiver -- all of a sudden, a floor on the left side of your bombsight is that a defense behind you is going to attack you -- normally, you don't see it, but the U.N. system will tell you.
Let's move into the protection area.
Another sea is supposed to have an open receptor.
You throw the bullet down, but you forgive you.
And the balance loses the trajectory.
They don't know where to land. However, the receptor sees in his view an area of grass that lights up and can modify the race.
They are appropriate, it grabs the ball, running and anger.
The folding public and the fans have continued to play it from every angle.
This is something that will create a massive emotion in the game.
I'll make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
The reality will be part of the sports because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is, do we want this to be the only use of augmented reality?
Are we going to use just as bread and circle, like our usual entertainment?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the augmented reality to foster empathy between human beings, to show someone how it is, literally, being in the place of another person.
We know what this technology is worth spreading.
It generates billions of income a year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the classroom trying to show a abuse how harmful their actions is from the view of the victims?
How much is this technology worth a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how you live being persuaded?
How much is it also worth a Harvard Communist or a New York Tubbique template trying to inspire a generation of children to think more in space and science rather than translated notes and Karleys."
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality is about it.
The questions that we make, the decisions that we take and the challenges we face, depend on us, as always, from us.
Thank you.
I recently retire after 23 years of service.
Most of those 23 years later, I spent the particular end of the Mars County, which includes the Golden Gates.
The bridge is an iconic structure, known as a lot of a lot of their beautiful views of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean and his architectural style.
Unfortunately, it's also a magnet for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Golden Gates Bridge was open in 1977.
Joseph Strings, the chief engineer who was able to build the bridge, said that, "The bridge is pretty much to test suicide.
The suicide from the bridge is not practical or probability?
But from their openness, over 1,600 people have jumped to their death from that bridge.
Some of you believe that traveling between the two towers will bring them to another dimension -- this bridge has been identified as so much, such that the each one from him frees you out of all your concerns and pain, and the waters that pass under clean your soul.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge used to make suicide.
After one every five to five seconds, the body hit the water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact breaks the bone, some of which are losing vital organs.
Most of them die in the impact.
The ones that don't usually dive into the helpless water, and then they drown out.
I don't think that the ones who are contemplating this method of suicide is to realize the death of the death that they face.
This is the wire.
Except around the two towers, there are 32 inches of parallel steel to the bridge.
This is where most people go before they remove life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge, and at its darkest time, it's very hard to bring it back.
I took this picture last year, while this young man talked to an officer contemplating his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we had success that day to bring it back on the balloon.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We started to channel the path through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who are contemplating the suicide, but officials too.
We've traveled a long way since then.
Today, veterans and psychologists train new officials today.
This is Jason Garden.
I met it on July 22 last year when I received a call from a suicide subject sitting on the street near the center.
I said, and when I arrived, I looked at Jason talking to an official from the Golden Gateban.
Jason was only 32 years old, and she had flown up here since New Jersey.
In fact, I had flying down here two times before New Jersey to try to suggest from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason -- I was asked if we knew the story of the Pandora's box.
I was remembering the Greek mythology. Ze created Pantorian, and he sent her to the Earth with a box, and he said, "Hey, never open that box.
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Panama, and she opened the box.
Out of her came plants, sorrows and all kinds of evil against man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us, "What if you open the box and there's no hope."
He stopped a few images, he leaned on the right, and he left.
This kind of friendly guy in New Jersey had just removed the life.
I talked to the parents of Jason that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be sounded very well, because the next day, the family rabbi called me to see how it was.
Jassen parents had asked it.
The coloring damage of suicide affects a lot of people.
I posed these questions: What would you do if a member of your family or a friend or someone loved it was suicide substantial.
What would you say?
You know what to say?
In my experience, not only do you have to talk about, but you have to hear it.
I'll hear to understand.
They don't argue, you know, or tell the person you know how you feel, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the point of inflection you need.
If you think somebody is suicide -- you don't have afraid to face and ask the question.
One way to ask the question is, "Do you have similar circumstances have thought about ending your life, you've had these thoughts?
Controlled the person in front of the face can save life and be the inflection point for them.
Other signs to look at them, despair, believe things are terrible and they're never going to improve it, impossible, believe there's nothing you can do about it, recent social isolation, and a lost of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got an email from a lady and I'd like to read your letter.
She lost his son on January 19, this year, and he wrote me this email just a couple of days ago, and he is his permission and blessing that he read it.
"Hi, Kevin -- I imagine you're at the TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go to foot this weekend.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell many people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends, etc.
I'm still quite inspiring, but you'll notice more moments to realize that Mike will not go home.
Mike was driving from Peters to San Francisco to see the party of the 49 with his father on the 12th of January.
He never got there.
I called the police of Pizzas and reported it as that night.
The next morning, two officials came to my house and reported that the author of Mike was down in the bridge.
A witness had seen it jumping from the bridge at 18 of the previous day.
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves.
Who hasn't been bad without suffering with a real mental illness.
It shouldn't be so easy to end it.
My prayers are in your fight.
The GDP, the Golden Gates supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay, not a cemetery cemetery.
Good luck this week, Victoria."
I can't imagine the value that she needs to go to the bridge and go to the path that his son took that day, and also the value to go forward.
I'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value.
On March 11, 2005 responds to a radio call by a suicide subject in the sidewalk of the bridge near the northern tower of the bridge.
I drove my motorcycle on the sidewalk, and I looked at this man, Kevin Berry, standing on the sidewalk.
When I saw me, I immediately crossed the balloon, and it stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
For the time and a half, I heard as Kevin talked about his depression and despair.
Kevin decided on his mind that day will come back on that lane, and give life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, the happy.
"This is a new beginning, a new life."
But I asked him, "What did it make back and give them hope and life another opportunity?
And you know what he told me?
He said, "I listen.
You let me talk and just hear it.
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from Kevin mother, and I have that letter with me, and I would like to like you.
"Dear Britain." Nothing will erase the events of the 11 of March -- and you're one of the reasons why Kevin keeps with us.
Honestly, I think Kevin was calling for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which has been properly measured.
I adopted Kevin when I only had six months, completely unaware of all those hydrogen passengers, but thank God, we now know.
Kevin is in order, as he said.
So thank God for you.
It's just a debt with you, Natalanda Berry?
And at the end she wrote, "Oh, when I visited the General Hospital.
"I know I had to solve it."
Today, Kevin is an active parent and active member of society.
He speaks openly about the events of that day and his depression with the hope that his story inspired others.
So suicide is not just something that I've found at work.
It's personal.
My grandfather was suffering with poison.
That act despite finishing its own pain -- I stole the opportunity to meet me.
This is what suicide.
For most suicide people, or those who consider suicide suicide, they wouldn't think about hurt another person.
They just want their own pain over.
Generally, this gets only three ways to sleep -- drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've responded and I've been involved in hundreds of mental diseases and suck calls around the bridge.
Of those incidents that I've been directly involved in, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jason Japan.
The other man was a man who told him about an hour.
During that time, I shook my hand in three times.
In the final land, he looked at me, and he said, "I'm sorry, but I have to go."
And I jumped out.
There was absolutely awful.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of people we come to contact in that bridge are not suicide.
In addition, those few who have jumped out of the bridge and lived and that they can talk about it, that one or two, most of those people have said that the second one that left the barrier realized they had made a mistake and they wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge doesn't just connect Mars with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that all and each of us should be striving for doing.
The suicide can prevent it.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes it what you're not, but you know what you are, and a question makes you, how do you become that?
I have to be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone. I'm not alone.
When I became a model I felt that I finally had achieved the dream that I had ever since a girl.
My outside finally matched my inner truth, with my inner myself.
For complicated reasons, the ones that I would tell you later, when I look at this picture I think, you can get it to General, you get it, you get it.
But the past October, I discovered that I am just beginning.
We all have our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the value of release -- to get rid of the constraints imposed by skin color or by the beliefs of those around us.
They are people who always challenge the status quo -- which is considered accepted.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my friends, many of my friends, my agent even ignored my story.
I think this piece is called revolution.
This is mine.
I was registered as "not being born because of the appearance of my genius.
I remember my five years in the Philippines, in my house, I always had this shirt in my head.
And my mom asked me, "Why do you always take that t-shirt in your head."
I said, "Mom, it's my hair. I'm a girl.
I knew how to be absorbed.
The gender has always considered a immediate fact, but now we know that it's something more complex and mysterious things.
Because of my success, I never dare to share my story, not because I think I'm going to be bad, but why the world treats those of us who want to release them.
Every day I appreciate it is a woman.
I have my mom, Dad and a family who accepted me as I am.
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There's a Hindu goddess of the children.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a party in the Philippines who celebrate these mysteries here.
I was in front of the stage, and I remember this beautiful woman came up to me, and I remember that moment as if something hit me -- this is the kind of woman I wanted to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I still see a man, I met this woman called T.
It's the director of a transformational beauty.
That night she asked me, "Why haven't you been involved in the beauty contact?
He told me that if he was involved with the spending and the vessels of the self-confidence, and that night, he won in a bathroom suit, he won a golf suit and he had third end between more than 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was within the world of beauty.
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was a queen of women's beauty of women, but I can.
I also met the god of the desks, especially when we traveled to remote presentations from Los Philippines.
But more importantly, I met my best friends in that community.
In 2001, my mom, who had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they passed my request of the green card I could go to live to the U.S.
I was happy.
I said to my mother, "Mommy, I'm fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a queen of beauty.
But then, two weeks later, he called me and said, "You know if you move the United States you can change the name and the identity of gender?
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested to me that I put two "Oh, to my name.
She also accompanied me when I was operating in Thailand at the age of 19.
It is curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand, they do the most prestigious and sophisticated surgeries and safe.
In the United States, it was necessary to do surgery before they changed the name and the gender.
So in 2001 I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driving license with the name of General and the "The female gender "China."
It was a great moment.
For some people, their documents of identity means being able to drive or be able to get a break, but for me it was the license to live, to feel digital.
Suddenly my fears were mining.
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and being model.
Many are not so lucky.
I think about this woman from the Mount Alexander.
A young woman in New York who was brave his truth, but he was delivered, he ended his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
Every 20 of the November, we do a global victory for the Denthle Day of the Transformation.
I'm on this stage thanks to a long history of people who fight and stood up to injustice.
These are Mars P. Johnson and Sylvia Robert.
Today, at this moment, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame.
I'm here, exposure for some day there is no more violence than 20 of November.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
Would you do it?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  KT: Secretary, General, a quick question.
George Rockefe. Sure. You see, first, thank you with all my benefits.
My parents, especially to my parents especially, to my family, is very strong.
I remember all the time I've been attending young women who are like, that I open up, and sometimes when they called me and told me that their parents couldn't embrace it, I would take the phone, call my mom and say, "Mom, can you call this woman?
Sometimes it worked, others don't. It's just gender identity, that's what is at the center of what we are, right?
I mean, all of us are assigned to a gender at birth, and what I try to do is put on the table the topic that sometimes that are not slide, and that there should be a space that allows people to advertising -- and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The moving movement is starting compared to the gay movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
I should have understanding.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope that all of you are my allies.
KS: Thank you. Very nice, GP: Thank you.
In many patriarchal societies and tribal societies, parents usually know their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known for their daughter and I'm proud of it.
Mala started his campaign for education by defending his rights in 2007, and when his efforts were held in 2011, when he was able to take the National Prize of peace, he became very famous -- a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, I was my daughter, but now I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if you look at the history of mankind, the history of women is the history of income, of inequality, of violence and exploration.
You see, in the patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when when you were born a girl, your birth is not celebrating it.
It's not welcome -- not by your father, not by your mother.
The neighborhood comes in, gives his condoms to the mother and nobody happy to the father.
And a mother gets overwhelmed by having a girl.
When it gives birth to the first child, the first daughter, it gets sad.
When you give birth to the second daughter, they concentrated him, and with the hope of a son, when he brought his third daughter, it feels guilty as a criminal.
Not just the mother, but the daughter -- the daughter is born when it grows, it suffers too.
At the age of five years old, when I should go to school, it stays home and the school admit to her brothers.
Up until age 12 years old, it has a good life.
You can fun.
It can play with your friends on the street, and you can move through the streets as a butterfly.
But when he comes into adolescence. When he turned 13 years, he would come out of his house without a male accident.
It's confined to the four walls of your house.
It's no longer a free person.
It becomes the call honor of his father and his brothers and his family, and if they were carrying the code of that honor surgery, it could even kill.
And it's interesting that this courage code of honor, not only affect the life of a girl, also affects the life of male members of the family.
So this brother, you sacrifice the joys of your life and the happiness of your sisters in behalf of the honor.
And there's a norm more than the patriarchal societies that's called observation.
A good girl should be very trusted, very humble and very supercomputed.
It's the criticize.
The model of a good girl must be quiet.
It's supposed to be silent, and it accepts the decisions of your father and your mother and the decisions of the elderly -- even if you don't want to.
If the house with a man who doesn't like or whether the marry with an old man, he has to accept it, because he doesn't want to be a definition of defense.
If the very young house, it has to accept it.
Otherwise, they call it despair.
And what happens at the end?
In words of a politician, "The house," the fall, and then gives birth to more children and daughters."
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, include the same lesson of obesity to his daughter and the same lesson to their children.
And this vicious circle continues and continues to continue.
You want brothers and sisters, when Malawi, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like the newly being born -- to be honest, but when I was there and looked at his eyes, believe me, I felt extremely honored.
And a lot before I was born, I thought about her name, and he was fascinated with a legendary jumble of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malawi from Madagascar, and he called my daughter like that.
But when I was like, they were all men, and I grabbed my pen, and I brought a line from my name, and I wrote, "Man:
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half, the admit in my school.
You might wonder, why should I mention a girl admit in a school?"
Yeah, I should mention it.
You can give it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many developing countries, but in poor countries, in the patriarchal societies, in tribal societies, it's a great event for the life of girls.
In a school it means the recognition of his identity and his name.
An approach to school means it has entered the world of dreams and the aspirations where they can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks before, when I was serving the Canadian vision form, and I was in the relative to the family, I couldn't remember some of my sisters.
And the reason I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document.
That's the reason I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give my sisters and their daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate intelligence and the suggestion of my daughter.
The encouraged to sit with me when my friends come to see me.
I can go with me to different meetings.
And all these values, I've tried income in their personality.
And this wasn't just for her, just for Malawi.
I've hit all these good values in my school to girls and kids alike.
I used education for the emergency.
I teach my daughters, taught the students, to forget the lesson of the observation.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called Self-confidence.
You want brothers and sisters -- we fought more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal rights and particularly for women's rights.
It was called the pandemic.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political, economic and social.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use candles and they stopped going to markets.
The musicians were silent, the girls were supported and sandwiched singers.
They suffered millions but a few talking, and it was scary to have those people who killed and said when you talk about your rights.
It's really frightening.
At 10 years old, Malawi got up and stood up on the right to education.
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog, she offered her for the New York Times documentaries and talked on every platform he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It spreads as a client around the world.
And that was the reason why the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign and nine percent October in 2012, they were shooting into the head.
It was a college day for my family and me.
The world became a big black hole.
Whereas my daughter was discussing between life and death, I whispered my wife to my wife, "I would blame for what happened to my daughter to your daughter?
And he immediately said, "Please, don't blame you.
It defends the cause right now.
You put your life in play because of the cause of peace, because of the cause of peace, and because of the cause of education, and your daughter was inspired in you and you get together.
Both of them were on the right path and God will protect it.
These few words meant a lot to me, and I didn't ask again.
When Malawi was in the hospital and he had severe pain headaches because his facial nerve was cut, I used to see a dark shadow that was spread by the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained about.
I used to say, "I'm well with my traditional smile, and with the power in my face.
I'm going to give you. Please don't worry.
It was a comfort for us, and we got it.
You want brothers and sisters -- we've learned from her how to resist in the most difficult moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for children's rights and women, it's like any 16 year-old girl.
He cried when he doesn't finish his task.
He fights with his brothers, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What's special in my tutor that has done so audacious to Malawi so value, expressive and eradication?
I say, don't ask me what I did.
Ask what I didn't do.
I don't cut your wings, and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I was operated in the brain 18 years ago, and since that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I'm an engineer.
And I want to tell you that I recently joined the group Monologue, from Google, where I've had a division to my office, the Google X visualization division -- but all the work that I talk today about the science of the brain, I did it before I join Google or outside my work there.
Having said this, there is a stigma when you get a brain operation.
Are you still equally smart or not?
If not like that, can you be smart.
After the neuroscience, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't the gray matter, but it was the dead part of the center that creates important hormones and neurologists.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide what a number to take, from more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about the combinations and mixtures of chemicals, and try to get them, to follow life.
More than one time I've been saved by a little bit.
But luckily, I have a soul of experiment, so I decided to experience to try to get the optimal doses because there really doesn't really have a clear map that says it in disposals.
I started testing with different mixes and I was surprised by seeing how small changes in the doses changed my arrangement, my sense of who I was, my way of thinking, my behavior with others.
A particularly impressive case for a few months, I set up doses and typical chemicals for a man of law, and I was surprised by seeing how my thoughts changed.
I was always horrible, I thought about all the time in sex -- and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and  --               many times in the past I've known various guys like this, or maybe some attacking versions of it.
It turned out as an end.
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be arrogant.
In fact, I was trying to try and get a problem that I had in the front, and it just doesn't happen like this.
So I couldn't manage it.
My doses changed.
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and about what they have to go through. Since then I get better with men.
What I was trying to do, when I adjust those hormones and neuroscientists and others, I was to reclaim my intelligence after the disease and the operation, my creative thinking, my ideas of ideas.
I tend to think almost always in images, and that became my key reference point, how I got those mental images that I use to create professionals, my ideas, if you want to try new ideas and play situations.
This kind of thoughts is not new.
Philosophers like Hum, Descartes and Homos look at things in a similar way.
They thought images and mental ideas were the same thing.
There are people who are thinking about this idea, and there are many discussions about how the mind works, for me, is simple, for most of us, mental images are fundamental for creative thinking and invention.
So after several years, I managed to find the right point and I have a lot of great mental monkeys, really video, very sophisticated and good structure.
Now, I'm working on how to take very quickly these mental images of my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what happens if a movie director was able to use your imagination only to steer the world that you have in the front?
Or if a musician could extract the music of his head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, as the way people creative can be shared at the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to do this is simply increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to this with two recent experiments done by two groups in neuroscience.
They both used MRI technology, image by functional magnetic resonance -- to represent the brain. Here you can see the brain scan made by George Gandons and his Harvard colleagues.
The column on the left shows the scan of a person who looks at an image.
The column of the middle shows the scan of the brain of that same individual as you imagined it, looking at that same image.
The column on the right is created by the content of the central column of the left. You see that the difference is almost number.
This is repeated in many different individuals with lots of different images, always with a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same image is almost number.
Now, let me share another experiment. This is the Jack Galapago lab in Berkeley, California.
They managed to convert the brain waves into recognized visual fields.
Put it in this way.
In this experiment, he showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while they were scanning their brains to create a lot of brain reactions to video sequence.
Then, it showed you a film with new images, new people, new animals, and as much as a new scanned.
The computer, using only brain information of the scan is defined to show what seemed like the person was seeing.
On the right you can see the democratic demographics, and on the left, the video that I showed you.
This left us baby.
We're pretty close to doing it.
We just need to improve resolution.
And now, remember that when you see a picture and when you imagine that same picture, you believe in the brain the same map.
This led to it with the brain scanning systems of the largest available resolution today, and its resolution is increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do that?
There are many techniques to do it.
One is to open the skull.
I didn't offer for that.
A lot of people are providing new projection techniques for images, even I -- counting with the recent result of the MRI -- we have to ask ourselves the next thing, this technology will be the end of the way?
conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with bigger magnets -- but at this point, larger magnets only offer small improvements in resolution -- don't increase for thousands of thousands as we need.
I propose this idea, rather than bigger magnets -- let's make better magnets better.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different backgrounds, like making a beach.
And why does this matter?
In the last few years, a lot of effort in the MRI were to make really big magnets -- right?
However, most of the recent advances in resistance and brilliant solutions in codes and decodestant in codes and decodestics, in the transmission and frequency rates of radio radio in the IMFines systems.
In turn, instead of a magnetic magnetic field, we use magnetic magnetic patterns to the frequencies of Radio FDA.
So by combining magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FM radio processing processing patterns, we can actually increase the information that you can extract in one scale.
In addition, we can then divide our growing knowledge on the structure of the brain and the memory to create the increase in the thousands we need.
By using the IDEO, we should be able to measure not just the flow of blood flow, but the hormones and televisions I've mentioned and perhaps even direct neural activity -- this is sleep.
We will be able to fix our ideas in a direct way to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could pass above language and communicate directly through the thinking?
What would we be able to do?
And how do we learn how to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be irrelevant to use as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer's and similar diseases.
We have a few choices more than open this door.
Anyway, choose a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that it will take much more.
We need to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'll talk to you tonight about the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay closet.
I think we all have arms.
Their lunch is maybe to tell some person for the first time to love it or tell someone who's pregnant, or tell someone who has cancer, or any other conversation that you have to do in life.
Everything is a hard conversation, and even though our subjects can be variety, the experience of having lived and having come out of that guardian is universal.
Day fear, and we don't like it, and it has to happen.
A lot of years ago, I worked at the Holy Side Wall Cased Research, a restaurant in the city, and I was there, I had to go through several stages from the intensity of the military military, not to replace my armpits -- quote the letters from Ann Dr. France as a land.
And I'm going to be aware that by the honor of my short pants and I had my head adding a little bit, I would ask a little boy to ask me, "Hey, are you guys or a child?
And it would appear an uncomfortable silence on the table.
I would squeeze my jaw a little bit more -- I would take my coffee with a rain stop.
The father is including the newspaper and mother throwing a cold look at his son.
But I would not say anything, and I was boiling inside.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a boy between three and ten years, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised me that next time I would say something.
I would have that hard conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
"Are you a guy or a girl?
A family silence, but this time I was ready and I was about to get into the female issues at the table.  I had the quote of Betty Francis.
Glass Stephen.
Even a snippet of the "Vagina Valley, which will show you.
So I breathe up and I went down and I went down and back to my backs, a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what is not a challenge for a feminist drink, just a girl with a question: "Are you guys or girl?
And then I breathe back and I put me out of the closes near her, and I said, "Hey, I know this is a conference thing.
I have a short hair like a boy, and I see a boy clothes, but I'm a girl, and you know, as you like to use a pink dress and sometimes you like to use a comfortable paradigm.
I am more than kind of a girl in a continuous paradigm.
And that girl looked at me stopped, paying attention, and he said, "My favorite left is violent and it has a fish.
Can you give me a panel, please?
And that was all -- just "Oh, OK. You're a girl.
What about the landscape that you say?
It was the easiest hard conversation that I ever had.
And why? Because the kindergarten and I, both of us were honest with each other.
As many of us, I have lived in some grounds in my life, and yes, often, my walls used to be a rainbow.
But inside, in the darkness, you can't know what color the walls are.
You just know how you feel living in a closet.
That's how my closet is not different than you or you or your own.
I would probably give you 100 reasons why it comes out of my closet, and it was more difficult than coming out of it, but this is the thing: The hard thing is not relative to it.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell you that explain to someone who has been declared in red bank is harder than saying that it's been engineered?
Who can tell me that this story that I think is more difficult than saying to your five year-old son who are going to be divided?
There is no more difficult thing, just the hard thing.
We need to stop looking at what is hard about what is difficult for another person to make us feel better or worse in relation to our closet, and we should only feel empathy because we all live something hard.
At some point in our lives, we all live in the closet, and they can make it feel security, or at least more security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you, that no matter what their walls are, a climber is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine itself 20 years ago.
I had a horse tail, a dress and a high shoes.
It was not the military lesbian prepared to fight any of four years that would enter the coffee.
I was frozen by the fear, locked up in a corner of my dark closet by packing my gay, and moving only a muscle is the most scary thing I ever have.
My family, my friends, complete strangers that I've spent my entire life trying to not declare it, and now the world was turned back to purpose.
I was burning the pages of a script that we've all followed for so long, but if you don't toss that grid, you kill you.
One of my most memorable recording launches was in my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that many people knew that I was gay, and when I did my labor ladies -- in my black dress and the bottles, walked around the tables and finally came to one where the friends of my parents, people who knew me to make years ago.
And after talking a moment, one of the women I said, "I have Nathan Lankat.
And the gay story battle had started.
"Is I ever in the Cashware."
"Well, yeah, the truth is, we have friends in San Francisco.
"Well, we've never gone there, but we've heard that it's fabulous."
"Ma, you know my state Antarctica."
It's very good and never talked about having a nose."
"Oh, what is your favorite TV show.
Our favorite software, Will and Grace program.
And you know who loves us? Jack does."
Jack is our favorite.
And then a woman, discovered but in waiting for me to desperately show her support, to get them to know that he was on my side, finally he said, "Well, sometimes my husband uses pink ships."
And I had an opportunity at that time, as you have all the grade laundry.
It could surely have been easy to indicate where they felt mentally.
It's not very hard to find them and realize that they were speaking.
And what else can you ask someone, but to stretch it.
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for how authentic they get.
That's how hard conversations follow without being my strong point.
Ask anyone that I have gone out.
But I'm better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Panders Girl.
Now, please look through this through gay perspective, but you understand that what it means will come out of any gun is essentially the same thing.
Number one: Be authentic.
You show the armor. Be yourself.
That little girl in the coffee had no weapons, but I was ready for the battle.
If you want somebody to be genes, others must know that we also suffer too.
Number two: Be direct -- it just says, Raisuddin their parts.
If you know that they are gay, it does.
If you say to your parents that maybe you might be gay, they will maintain the hope that it could change.
Don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more important,  leave the complex.
You communicate your truth.
You never apologize for that.
And some of them can come out with safe wounds -- arguments by what they've done, but they never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some of you will feel disappointed, but that something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not from you.
The only story that matters is that you want to write it.
So next time you're going to find a dark plane by putting a gravity, you must know that we've all been there before.
And it may feel very alone, but they're not.
Thank you, Bob. Enjoy the vessel.
Intelligence, what is that?
If we look at the story of what intelligence has looked like, a productive example has been the famous quote of Edinburgh Dinian that "The question of whether a machine can think is as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can bore?
When Ethiopia Dini wrote this, he did it as a criticism to the pioneers of computer like Alan Turk.
And so, some years ago, I started a program to try to understand fundamental physical mechanisms underlying intelligence.
Let's go back a step.
We first start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that you are from an alien race, which you don't know about the biology of Earth or neuroscience from the Earth or the Earth's intelligence -- but they have incredible telescopes, and they can look at the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so they can look at the Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as a terrorist, we know that the reason would be that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you are from an alien race that doesn't know about this, that it doesn't have any concept about the Earth's intelligence -- they would be forced to develop a physical theory that explains how, to a certain moment in time, the asteroids that demonstrate the surface of a planet mysterious they stop doing it.
And so I claim that this is the same question as understanding the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that led to a number of years ago, I announced a variety of topics through science, through various disciplines, which I believe, to a single mechanism underlying intelligence.
In cosmology for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be fully accumulated for the development of intelligence, and in particular, for development of universal states that maximize diversity of possible future.
Finally, in the political movement planning, there's been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks.
And so, taking all these different issues and putting them together -- I said, for several years -- there is a underlying mechanism for the intelligence that we could extract from all these different issues?
Is there just a equation for intelligence.
And I think the answer is yes. What you're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to one = the intelligence that I have seen.
So what you're seeing here is an affirmation that intelligence is a force -- F, that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action, or keep the choices open, with a T force, with the diversity of possible future accessible, yes, even a huge future time, three.
In a nutshell, intelligence doesn't like to be stuck.
intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and keep the choices open.
And so, having this equation, it's natural to ask, "What can you do with this?
How positive is it?
Is the level of human intelligence.
Is artificial intelligence.
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: recent research in cosmology have suggested that the universes that produce more desperate, or "grade," for their life should have trend to more favorable conditions for the existence of smart beings like us.
But what if that technology constant connection between entropy and intelligence is a deeper relationship.
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with long-term entropy production, but actually emerges directly from it?
To find out, we've developed a software engine called England, designed to maximize long-term entropy in any system where it finds inside.
Amazingly, England could spend multiple animal intelligence testing, playing human games, and even making money eating actions, all of it without being invited to do that.
Here are some examples of Entertainment in action.
Just like a foot human without carrying, here we see England balancing automatically a pole using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave it a goal.
He just decided to be able to balance the position.
This ability to balance will have applications for human robotics and human assistance technologies.
This ability to use tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
In addition, just like some other animals can cooperate to turn out opposite extremes of a rope at the same time to release the food, here we see that entropy can do a model version of that task.
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and a variety of other fields.
Entang is widely applicable to a variety of domain.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a game game against itself, illustrating its potential for play.
So here we see England organized new connections in a social network where friends are constantly disconnected and keeping the network well connected.
This same network capacity also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
So here we see England organizing the routes of a ship floating block, discovering success and using the Panama Canal to expand the world level from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, entropy is widely applicable to problems in autonomous defense and transformational and transportation.
Finally, here we see England spontaneously discovering and running a strategy of company, selling in a simulated series of action negotiation -- successfully increasing assets under their exponentially.
This ability of risk management will have broad applications in finance and safe.
Alex Williams." What you've seen is that a variety of smart cognitive human behaviors such as tool use, walking upright and social cooperation -- all derive from a single equation, which leads to a system to maximize their future freedom of action.
Now, here's a profound irony here.
We came back at the beginning of the robot use, the work "Russia," there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines, there would be a cyber report.
Machines will get up against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades, we've had the whole concept of cyber rebellion to investment.
It's not that the machines first become smart and then metals and trying to increase the world.
It's all the opposite, that the urge to take control of all the future possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence, that general intelligence can actually arise from taking control of control, rather than being in the area.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the target.
They often ask me, how do you look for targets to get out of this kind of framework?
My equivalent to that statement to move to the descendants to help us build artificial intelligence, or to help us understand human intelligence, is the following: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid restrictions in their own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at a point of inflection in human history, something between the advice of stars and losing the planet we call "the "the "there?"
Although, in the last few years, we've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how Earth is in the context of the universe.
NASA Kepler mission has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting around other stars, which means that the Earth is only one between the billions of planets from our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the linear intensity of the stars when planets go ahead of them, and they block a little bit of that light that comes us.
The data collected by Kepler shows the sizes of the planets as well as the distance between them and their mother star.
In the way, it helps us understand whether these planets are small and rocks like the land planets in our solar system, and also the amount of light that they receive from their own.
In turn, this gives clues about whether these planets that we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, while we're finding this trend of potentially livable worlds, our own planet is certainly cederable under the weight of humanity.
2014 was the most hot recorded.
glaciers and sea ice that have been with us from millennia now are disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we've caused on the global scale have rapidly overcome our ability to disrupt their course.
But I am not a climate scientist, no astronomer of the weather.
I study the Goldilocks of the planet influenced by stars, hoping to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say it looks for alien opportunities in the initial sector.
Now, as someone very interested in finding life in the universe, I can tell you that the more I look for planets similar to Earth, more enjoy our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invite a comparison between the newly discovered planet and the planets that we know better, the ones of our solar system.
Let's take our neighbor Mars.
Mars is small and rock and despite being a little farther from the Sun, it can be considered a potentially livable world showing this by a mission like Kenya.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and partly that's why we study so much to Mars.
Our romance as the "sense," tracking its surface in search of clues about the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit it, like the Mines mission, take samples of the sea atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their horses.
private companies now offer not only space flights but also the ability to live in Mars.
But despite the fact that all these brown images remind us the desert of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with the vertical ideas and pioneers compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
We take the extension of the desert areas of our planet that are still about to colonize -- really excited places compared to Mars.
Even in the most dry and more elevated places on the Earth, the air is fresh and oxygen replaced by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry that this excitement by the colony of Mars and other strange planets with a big shadow and sad shadow, the implications and the belief of some that Mars will wait there to save this invisible self-assembly of the only planet that we know is truly homework, the Earth.
For a lot that I like international exploration, I'm deeply disagreement with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but to say Mars will be there to save humanity is how to imagine that the Titanic captain will comment to the partier that the perfect party will have a place later in the wild.   Thank you.
But the goals for interconnected exploration and land preservation is not fun.
No, they're actually faces of the same coin, the goal of understanding and preserve and enhance life in the future.
The extreme environments present in our world looks like alien panels.
Only they find closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in the hostile areas and instants on Earth, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment, the Ferry paradox.
A lot of years ago, the physicist Enrico Fermi said, considering that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there are many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of the existence of alien life so far.
Well, where are you?
Well, one possible solution to the Ferras paradox is that when civilizations become technologically advanced to consider to continue to live between the stars, they lose the notion of how important the planets that drive this development.
It's arrogant to think that only conventional colonization, will save us from ourselves, but planetary preservation and interruptive exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to meet the hostile environments of Mars for human presence, then we should be able to overcome the task even easier to preserve the Goldilocks on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I applied my own home.
And as I was in the front porch looking at my pockets, I realized that I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see by the window that were at the dining table, where I had left them.
So quickly I tried to open all the other doors and windows. They were all fine closed.
I thought about calling a closing, at least I had my cell phone, but to midnight, a closed could take a lot of time to come, and it was cold.
I couldn't go back home from my friend of Jeff to spend night because I had an early flight to Europe the next morning, and I prefer my passport.
It turned out to be expensive, but I was sure that no more expensive than a closed at the middle of night, so I thought, despite the circumstances, it was good stop.
I am a professor neuroscientist, and I know a little bit about how the brain does under stress.
Reporting core that increases heart rhythm, modifying levels of adrenaline and cloud in the thinking.
And when I got to the facility counter in the airport, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I began to wonder, if there was something that I could do, systems that I could put in their place, which is that bad things happen.
Or at least, if bad things happen, that minimize the probability of a total catastrophe.
So I started thinking about that, but until a month later, my thoughts didn't criticize me.
I was dinner with my colleague Danny Kayor, won from the Nobel Prize, and a little bit embarrassed told him that he was breaking the window, and he had forgotten my passport. And Danny shared me that had been practicing something called a professional report.
It's something that he had learned from psychologist Gary Kleum, who had written from this a few years before, known as the presentation.
Everybody knows what the performance is.
Every time there's a disaster, a team of experts comes and tries to figure out what went wrong, right?
In the presentation, as Danny explained, you look forward and try and figure out all the things that might go wrong, next, try to figure out what can do to prevent things or to minimize the damage.
So what I want to talk about with you is some things that we can do in the form of a presentation.
Some of them are evidence, others are not so evident.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, they will trigger a place for things that are easily lost.
This sounds like common sense and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this thesis -- based on how our space memory works.
There is a structure in the brain called hypothesis, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a track of the location of the important things, where the good one, where the fish are, which are putting out the fruit trees, where friends live and enemies.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that will be thrown into the London.
It's the part of the brain that allows artists to find their nuts.
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment, they cut the official sense of the artists, and yet they could find their nuts.
They didn't use smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move a lot, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason for losing car keys and reading and passion.
So at home you get a place for the keys, a hook next to the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For his passport, a particular cabin.
For their reading glasses, a particular member.
If you go up a place and you're wrong with it, you will always be there when you look for them.
What about the trips?
Take your cell phone a picture of your credit cards, drive license, passion, send it to yourself to be in the cloud.
If these things are lost or the stealing things, this can make the substitute happen.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when it's under stress, the crime liberal brain.
The cortisol, the cortex is toxic.
So part of the practice is to recognize that under stress we're not going to be at the best moment, and you have to put the systems on its site.
And there's perhaps no more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we're all going to be in that situation, of having to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved one, to help us with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'll talk about a very particular medical condition.
But this is spread as a product for all medical decision-making making, and in fact for the power of financial decisions and social decisions, any kind of decision that you have to take from which you benefit a rational assessment of facts.
So let's suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I've got the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little high."
Everybody knows that high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease, heart attacks, brain performance.
So you're thinking that having the high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says, "I'd like to recognize a drug that will help reduce the collapse, a stress."
And maybe you've heard about the stations, and you know that it's one of the most recipe drugs in the world today. It's even likely to know people who take them.
So you think, "Yeah, I remember the strategy."
But there's a question that needs to be done then, a statistic that has to ask that most physicians don't want to talk about, and pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for NASA, the number required to treat.
And what is this, the NOAA?
It's the number of people who should take a drug or make a surgery in any medical procedure before you help a person.
And you should think about what kind of wrong statistics is that?
The number has to be one.
My doctor would not recognize something if I wasn't going to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not the fault of the doctor, and if it's guilty of someone, it's scientists like me.
We haven't understood the underlying mechanism.
But the estimates of Greenaiana, that 90 percent of drugs work only 30 to 50 percent of people.
So the number required to treat the most widely recipe stress, what do you think it is?
How many people have to take it before you help a person?
300.
So this according to the research of civic researchers Kermin Greenland and Pamela Harvard, combined independently by Warmas.
I myself explore the numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they avoid a single heart attack, dependence on brain or another adverse event.
Now you might think, "Well, one chance in 300 of my cholesterol collection.
Why not? Doctor." Give me the recipe anyway.
But then you have to ask yourself for a statistic more, and it is, "Do you have side effects? Yeah?
For this particular drug, side effects are produced in five percent of patients.
And those include terrible things, depressing muscle pain and artillery pain, genetic pain -- but now they think, "That's not very likely to get me to me, still taking the medicine.
But a moment.
Remember that under stress you don't think clearly.
So think about how to deal with this over time, so you don't have to manufacture the chain of reasoning in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped -- five percent of the 300 have side effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to go out by the drug that it helps you the drug.
I don't say they should or not take the strategy.
I just say you should have this conversation with your doctor.
The medical ethic requires it -- it's part of the principle of informed consent.
We have the right to have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take the risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number in the air for the value of the crash, but actually this number necessary to treat is quite typical.
For the surgery that you do in the older men of 50 of the extension prostate for cancer, the number required to treat is 49.
So it's 49 surgeries per person who has helped to.
And side effects in that case, they produce in 50 percent of the patients.
Those include the impact or the discussion -- musical incident, recording protection, fecal incident.
And if it's lucky, and it's one of that 50 percent of the effects will just last a year or two.
So the idea of the presence is to think about time the questions that you can do that you will push the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all this in the act.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have a choice a lot of times, you want a shorter life free of pain, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things they talk about and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
They can change opinion in the heat of the moment, but at least you're trained in this kind of thought.
Remember, our brain liberal cortex under stress, and one of the things that happens at the moment is that a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
It face face with a predator. It doesn't need the digestive system, or the leg or the immune system, because if the body is spending metabolism in those things, it doesn't react with rapidly. They could be the lunch of the lions, so none of that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is rational logic, like Danny Katrina and his colleagues have demonstrated them.
So we have to train ourselves to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think what's important here is to recognize that we are all devastation.
We're all going to fail in a while.
The idea is to think about the future how those failures might be, to put the systems in the place that will help us minimize the damage or to prevent the bad things to happen in the first place.
Replace the night of snow in Montana, when I came back from my journey, my contractor installed me a combination of combination alongside the door, with a key from the gate door in the same, an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters that I haven't ordered and lots of messages of email that I haven't read.
So I'm not very organized, but I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Internet, piano -- it's my favorite musical symbol.
It means playing surprise.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a "A on the partner, you need to play more surprise.
Two "Bush, even more smoothly.
Four sex, extremely smooth.
This is my drawing from a TED tree, there you see it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of "There's there may be a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence, a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the story of the American system of signs -- AIDS, besides a little bit of my own story.
The French sign language came over the 1800s, and over the course of time, it mixes with local signs, and the language that we know we know as Asha.
So, it has a story about 200 years.
I was born deaf, and they taught me to believe that sound wasn't a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, I realize that it's not true for anything.
Sound is a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a world of sound, it's like I lived in a foreign country, followed blindly their rules, cost, behaviors and rules without questioning it.
So how do you understand the sound.
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my analogy and amazing sound.
I learned and copied that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sound, and I've seen how people answer.
So I've learned, for example.
Don't analyze the door.
Don't you do a lot of noise when you eat the piece of potato papers?
"Don't grand, and when you're eating, you don't get the covers on the plane?
All of this is called "really of sound.
Maybe I think about the sound tag more than the average person does.
I'm a virtual supply of sound.
And I'm always waiting for the sound of the sound, which is to come next.
From there, this drawing.
TBP:
TBP to continue.
TBP:
You can see the penguin doesn't have notes on the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sounds through subtle streets and senders.
In deaf culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the signal for "The ATM.
A typical penguin has five lines.
But for me, to do the thing with my thumb so that it doesn't feel natural.
That's why in my drawings I only have four lines on the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic residence there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painting.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries and as I went from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was the trend and that called me attention.
There was no visual art, everything was hearing.
Now the sound has entered my art territory, now.
Is it going to distance more of the art?
I realized that it doesn't have to be like that.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it's not only experienced through the ears.
I can feel a tactile way, or experience it visually, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the property of sound and integrate in my artistic practice.
And all they had taught me in terms of sound, I decided to leave it and give them up.
I started to create a new job of work.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention that I got.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control, social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that sound was oblivious -- it was something from a person.
And sound is so powerful that I could be able to give me to me and my artistic work, or I could push it.
I chose to be able to care.
There's a massive culture around the spoken language.
And just because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, to the eyes of society is like I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me from equal to the same and become my voice.
So I am capable of being relevant in the current society.
So in school, at work and institutions, work with many different performers of Asha.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, by asking for their voices, I'm able to maintain a temporary form of value something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If I don't continue to continue this practice, I feel that it could be turned out in order and not having any kind of social value.
So, with sound like my new artistic medium, deep in the world of music.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and Atlanta.
For example, a musical note cannot capture and express it very much on paper.
And the same thing can say about a concept in Asha.
The two are very space and highly motivated what it means that subtle changes can affect all the meaning as much of the signals as the sounds.
I'd like to share a metaphor of the piano so that they understand better how the RNA works.
So, imagine a piano.
The Asha is divided in many different gravitational parameters.
If you take a different paradigm to each finger as you touch the piano as the facial expression, the body's movement, the speed, the shape of your hand and so while you touch the piano, English is a linear language, like just a keyboard at a time.
However, the ATM is more like a clothing, you need 10 fingers in a simultaneous way to express a clear concept or an idea in Asha.
If only a keyboard will change the chord. It creates a completely different meaning.
Same thing happens with music in terms of tone and guilty and volume.
In America, when you use these different gravitational parameters -- you can express different ideas.
For example, the signal "go on that."
This is the signal "the one in it."
I'm looking at you.
Look at it.
Oh, I was called me.
Oh yeah.
What are you looking at.
Ah, based.
So I got to think, and if I look at Asha through the lens of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeated it over and over again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the sign of "The Sun -- the sun comes out and put it out.
This is "The day."
If you repeat it and reduce speed, it visually looks like a piece of music.
All day.
I feel that the same thing can say about "The night.
"All night.
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about three different kinds of nights, "The night "I "Look the night?  "All night.
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed in Asha and how the distance to the body can express changes in time.
For example, one is a hand, two hosts -- it's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body, and the past is on the back.
So the first example is "The long time.
Then "The Lasa And the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at the same time, "Have you once a time."
"The Common common, it's a musical term with a specific rate of four times per company.
However, when I see the word "The Common word, I think automatically at "The same time."
See MIT, right hand. MG: left hand.
We have the penguin through the head and the chest.
(Music: MT: Glamour God." My cheese garden -- I'm going to show you a bit of my hand called "The Flash Flash."
Can you do it with me?
All with your hands at high school.
Now we're going to do so much in the head as the chest -- something like "The Common Common: Or "The same time."
Yeah, very good.
That means "related in the international system.
The international system, as usual, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs around the world.
The second one that I'd like to show you is this one. Please do me again.
And now this.
It means "the Ashanes.
Now, the third one. Please go back again.
And again.
It's "self-confident, at Asha.
We're going to do the three together.
"God, "self-confidence, and "stop!"
Good job.
Notice how three signs are very similar. They all happen in the head and the chest. But convey very different meaning.
It's amazing to see how the USDA is alive and property, like music.
However, today, we live in a very valuable world.
And only because the AT doesn't have sound, automatically does not have social value.
We have to start questioning what the social value defines and allowing the Asha to develop its own value, without sounds.
And this could be a step to make a society more inclusive society.
And maybe people understand that they don't have to be deaf, to learn Asha.
The AT is a rich trial and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience our visual language.
And you never know, you can fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Denk Shanghai," Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents said to me, "You want to try it all, but then you have to clean it.
freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in a bubble bubble or a bubble bubble I should say, because adults lie to us to protect us from the horrible truth.
By getting older, I learned that adults also understood and that they're not very good at cleaning people's people.
Last time, I'm now an adult and teaching citizen and invention in Hong Kong.
You don't have to wait a lot for my students to walk on the plant with lots of garbage.
So as good citizens, we cleaned the beaches, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if it is, I don't give it.
It's sad to say, but more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's kind of creepy.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big bones and networks to collect those plastic pieces to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and we collect this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive and it's also very risky to use those huge boat.
So along with my students, with ages of six to 15 years, we dreamed with inventing a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
We started building this work of work with altitude so that the kids too slow can also participate too.
And I'll tell you, the kids who manipulate electrical tools feel great, safe.
Not exactly not.
Let's go back to plastic.
We collect the plastic and we reduce it to the size that we find it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fraction.
We do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas of each child and try to combine it into something that we expect it to work.
We decided instead of collecting pieces of plastic, we only collect information.
By using a robot, we take a picture of this plastic -- children are excited about the robots.
Then we quickly created what we call "transformation?
We're so fast in the creation of prototypes that we ended up before lunch.
And we transform light bulbs and web cameras in action, and we assemble it in a floating robot that will slowly move through the water and by the plastic that we have there, and this is the image captured by the robot.
We see plastic pieces floating through the sensor while the boundary computer process this image and measuring the size of each particle -- to get an accurate estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We documented this invention step on a website for inventors called "The House with the hope that someone else even more even more.
The cool thing about this project is that students saw a local problem, and they are trying to fix them immediately.
(Audience ends) But my students in Hong Kong are very well informed children.
You see the news, you take the Internet, and you take this image.
A child, maybe less than 10 years, cleaning a oil spill, only using the hands, in Sandy, the largest mangrove forest in the world in Bangladesh.
They stayed very surprising because this is the water that we drink -- it's the water where it bananandies, the water where fishing, the place where they live.
You can also see that water is brown -- the mud and oil is also brown color and when everything gets mixed up, it's very hard to see what there is in the water.
But there is a simple technology called specialization, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a very first prototype of a spectrum that can flow through all kinds of substances that produce different species, what it can help to identify what's in the water.
We had this prototype with a sensor and sent it to Bangladesh.
The cool thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or analyzing a local problem, my students use their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children.
I would investigate a problem at a distance. I was forced to make a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little further, maybe to tackle a more difficult problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half Japanese Japanese and half French and perhaps remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that you had a number of giant waves -- called temperatures, and those teams destroyed several cities on the east coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in an instant.
It also gives the nuclear power plant of Florida, a nuclear center near the water.
And today, according to an average of 300 tons are still leaking from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Is all of the Pacific Ocean transformations of pollution pollution?
If we go to the west coast, we can measure Francisco radiation everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappears from the Japanese coast, and most of the time, it has a safe aspect -- it's blue.
Well, the reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've gone back to Florida every year from the accident and researching independently with other scientists, the soil, the river, and this time we wanted to take the kids.
Of course, we don't take them, the parents didn't afford it.
But every night we reported the control center, here's the use of different masters.
It could seem like they didn't take the work seriously, but they did it because they're going to have to live with the paper all their life.
Together with them we discussed the data collected that day and talk about what we were going to do next, the strategies -- the season, etc.
And to do this, we created a broken map of the region around the nuclear power plant.
We created the elevation map, we introduced permission to represent data in real time of radio, and we collect water to simulate the rain.
With this, we were able to notice that the radioactive dust was filtered from the top of the mountain to the criminal system and the online system in the ocean.
It was an appropriate estimate.
But based on this we organized a civil expedition, the closest to the nuclear central to date.
We got closer to 1.5 miles from the nuclear center, and with the help of fish fish we were collecting sediments of the marine milk with a saddle tracking as we invented and built.
Here we see a progression -- we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open source technologies and very simple.
But at the same time, it has been increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways to do all these things.
So the classroom became a little bit small so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and we turned it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's at the center of Hong Kong and it's a place where we can work with wood -- metal, chemistry, a little bit biology, of optical -- basically you can build almost everything there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where children's dreams can be done with adults, and where adults can be children again.
Students, accelerator, Admiral.
Peter Harry." We ask questions like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or can we help in the movement of the advanced age population transform their standard wheelchair into new electric vehicles?
Plastic, oil and radiation are terrible legal, but the worst legacy we can leave our kids are the lies.
We can't afford to protect kids from the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent solutions.
So scientific citizens, creators -- self-assembly, self-confidence, we need to prepare the next generation to worry about the environment and people, and so I can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin domes -- two radically opposite design cultures.
One is made of thousands of pieces of steel -- the other of a single silk thread.
One is synthetic -- the other organic.
One is imposed on the environment, the other thing.
One is designed by nature, the other for her.
Miguel angel said that when he looked at the magic in broadcast, he saw a figure that fought for being free.
The city was unique tool of Michelangelo angel.
But living beings are not climbing.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, the cells -- we take all the information it required for every cell to work and replicate it.
The tools also have consequences.
At least from the Industrial Revolution, the world of design has been dominated by rations of manufacturing and mass production.
The assembly lines have said a world made of parts, and they will be able to figure out the imagination of designers and architects trained to think about their objects as a distribution of different parts of different functions.
But you don't find the manufacturing material forest in nature.
Think about human skin, for example.
Our facial skins are thin with diagnostic purposes.
The legs on the back are more thick with little periods.
You act primarily as a filter, the other mainly as a barrier, and yet, it's the same skin, no parts, no agriculture.
It's a system that will gradually vary its functionality.
Here's a divided screen that represents my view of the world divided the double personality of every designer and architect to work right now between the five and the gene, between the machine and the organism, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and symptoms, is shown in the two screens after me.
My work, on its simplest level, tries to unite these two visions of the world, get away from the advance and go to growth.
You probably ask, why now?
Why couldn't it be possible 10 or even five years ago?
We live in a very special moment in history, a rare moment, where they put four disciplines that offer access to access to tools that we never had access to before.
And at the intersection of these four fields, my team and I create.
Please know the minds and hands of my students.
We design objects, products, structures and tools through scale, a large scale, like this robotic arm with a 24 meters of diameter with a vehicle base that some day not too far is to print whole buildings, and graphs that are genetically made of genetically modified microbes.
So here we have reference the celebrity, an archetype of the ancient Arab architecture, and it has created a screen where every aperture is a unique size to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explored the possibility to create a layer and a falling. This was for a fashion delay of Paris with Arab van Serrorish. It's like a second skin made from one piece, red in the contacts, flexible around the waist.
Together with 3D printing collaboration, we printed this layer and fake 3D without costs between the cells -- I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combines rigid and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microns resolution.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a Charles scanner.
That designers have access to this analogy of high resolution and the synthetic instruments, allowing us to design products that adapt not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair at the same time, comfortable and also that absorb sound.
Professor Carter -- my collaborator came back to nature to inspire us, and by designing this pattern of surface surface, it becomes a substance.
So we printed this surface of 44 different properties, which vary in robotics, optimistic and color, corresponding to the pressure points in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature, is worth its functionality not by the addition of another material or another anti-political, but varied continuously and delicious material property.
But is it the ideal nature?
There are no parts of nature?
I was not raised in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories about the Hebrew Bible, and one of them was left and came to define a lot of what I was important.
As she said, "In the third day of the Creation, God sent Earth to grow a fruit tree card card.
For that first fruit tree, there would be no difference between trunk, branches and leaves and French.
All the tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land did grow trees with branches, cortex, shots and flowers.
The Earth created a world made of parts.
I often ask, "What would the design be if the objects were made from a single piece?
Let's go back to a better state of creation?
So we look for the biblical material, the kind of material tree material with fruit and we found it.
The second most abundant biomaterial on the planet is called a prison, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, crabs, educations and butterfly.
We thought that if we could synthesize their properties, we could generate multi-consumer structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it a legal market.  We asked a lot of shrimp cards, the degrees and we produce strengtheners.
Variotic concentrations -- we've been able to achieve a broad range of properties from dark, hard and opaque, to light, soft and transparent.
In order to print structures at a large scale, it was built a system with multiple bombs of extractive controlled extraction.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made from a single 350-pound material, 100 percent recycling.
When the pieces are ready, they let them dry to find a natural form to the contact with the air.
So why do we keep designing with plastic.
The air bubbles that were a substance of the printing process were used to contain photographers that showed up for the first time on the planet 3.5 billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we embedded the bacteria designed genetically to capture a rapidly carbon carbon and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition without life and bad problems -- and if you zoom in even more, to windows.
A fruit tree trained of fruit.
Working with an old material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made from shrimp cards in an architecture that behaves as a tree.
And here is the best part, for objects designed for biodegradable police, feeding the marine life, and putting on the ground, helping grow a tree.
The fit for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We look for the possibility to create clothes to maintain the life for interruptive journey.
To do that, we should bend the bacteria and control their flow.
As the periodic table, we made our own table of elements -- new forms of life created by manufacturing and additional form of biology form.
I like to think about synthetic biology as the liquid algae, just rather than rather beautiful metals that are synthesized new biological functionality within very small channels.
This field is called microbial.
We printed our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothes, two microbial millions of microbes.
The first one is cigarette.
I live in our oceans and the ponds of fresh water.
And the second one, collect, the bacteria that I inhabit in the human intestine.
One turns the light into sugar, the other sugar consumption and produces useful biofuels for the built environment.
But these two microbes don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothes.
Think of it as evolution, not by natural selection, but design evolution.
So to contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract -- to help you flow these bacteria and encourage your way to the road.
So we started to grow those channels in the human body, to varied the properties of material according to the desired function.
If we wanted more photosynthesis, we designed more transparent channels.
This portrait digestive system, when it comes from one end to another, is 60 meters.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our bare intestine.
And here it is, as an early TED Prize, our first portable physics, brilliant liquid channels with life inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Shanghai said, "We have passenger creatures, only half is made half of it made?
What if design will provide the other half?
What if we could create structures that increase life matter.
What if we could create personal microbes that scan our skin, repair the damaged tissue and solve our bodies.
Think about this as a way of editing biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
By now, you know that a 3D printer prints material in layers.
You also know that nature doesn't do this.
I grew up.
This worm of the worm -- for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home within which you met it.
The manufacturing manufacturing is about this level of sophistication.
It does it through combination of not two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations in it.
An act as a structure, the other is the glue or the matrix, by using those fibers each other.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm first is press in the environment, creates a structure of tension and then starts to bridge a kite of compression.
The tension and the compression. The two forces of life, they manifest in a single material.
So in order to understand better how this complex process works, we put a small magnet to the head of a silk worm to the board.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the silk worm capital.
And yet, when we put the silk worm on a flat patch -- not within a box, we realized that it was throwing a flat card and still metabolism self-sensitive.
So we started designing different environments -- different scaffolding -- and we've discovered that the form, the composition of the layer is transmitted directly by the environment.
They often boil the silk worms to death inside their layers, their silk silly and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these plastics we could shape the raw silk without boiling a single capital.
It's sensitive self-assembly, and we could create these things.
So we scale this process to the architectural scale.
We had a hidden robot making silk plants, and we put it on our site.
We knew that the global silk worms to darker and cold areas -- so we used a solar road diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we create holes or additions, to block the rays of light and heat -- distributed the silk worms on the structure.
We were prepared to get the oranges.
We asked 6,000 silk worms to a silk silk farm.
And after feeding four weeks, they were ready to hide with us.
We put them carefully on the lower edge of the scaffolding and as they hide, criminal, they were approaching, they put eggs, and life begins again, like us, but much, much shorter short.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity and it was right.
At the time of biological silk on the standard of the stone silly, they give all this pavilion its integrity, its integration.
And in a little more than two or three weeks, 6,000 silk worms take 1,500 miles.
In a symmetry curious, this is also the length of the silk route.
Policements, after the ecology, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 extra panels in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A silk daughter through a robotic arm, the other full of cows.
If the last frontier of design is to give products to products and buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers have to unite these two visions of the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
Here it is to a new era of design, a new era of creation, that led us from an inspired design in nature to an inspired nature in design, which demands us for the first time, for the first time, that we are taking care of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Hands up if you ever ask them, "What do you want to be greater?
If you had to remember how old they had when they first asked them this?
You can show you with your fingers.
Three, five, three, five, five.
Now, raise your hand if the question is, "What do you want to be greater?
It has caused them some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who could never answer the question, "What do you want to be greater?
The problem wasn't that I didn't have any interest, but I had too much.
In school, I liked English and mass and art and developed websites, and I played the guitar in a pick band called Telescope France.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And in general, I like to try and persist anyway, for having dedicated a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time, this feeling of absorb, this feeling of this is no longer a challenge, comes to envy.
And I have to leave it.
But then I'm interested in another thing, something totally different, and I get up in it, and I let me absorb and I feel "Look, and I have found my me, and then again this point where I start bored.
And finally, I want to leave you.
But then I would like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to go into that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety for two reasons.
The first one was because I wasn't sure how I was going to turn all this into a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, deny all my other passions and refuse to be bored.
Another reason why I got so much anxiety was a little bit more personal.
I was worried that there was something wrong with this, and something bad in me because I wouldn't define anything.
I worry about having a fear of engagement, or being dispersed, or contraction or my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I would like to ask you something that I'd like to do then.
Ask themselves, where they learn how to assign the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it, they learned from culture.
We are wondering, "What do you want to be more like?
When we have about about five years.
And the truth is that nobody cares about what they tell that age.
It's considered a naive question to produce cute answers in children like, "Be astronaut, or "The dancer or "I want to be percept."
They were going to go into the Sandy district here.
So this question is done over and over again as we grow out of different ways, and it turns out, high school students are asked that they're going to choose in college.
And at some point, "What do you want to be more like?
It happens to be the cute exercise of before you take your dream.
Why?
While this question inspired kids to dream with what they could be, they didn't inspire dreaming with everything they could be.
In fact, it does just the opposite of it, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't respond to 20 different things, even though you get very intentional adults maybe you are laughing and say, "Oh, what cute, but you can't be artificial and psychology.
You have to choose to choose."
This is Dr. Bob Children -- and he is artists of violence and psychological people.
And this Amy No, the magazine editor became a climbers, entrepreneur, teacher and creative director.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is they're going to have to choose it.
But it's more than that.
The notion of life focused on our culture.
It's this idea of fate or the real voting -- the idea that each one of us has something that will be devoted for your time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But what if you're somebody who's not connected in this way?
What if there are a lot of different issues that wake up their curiosity and many different things that you want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that frame.
And so you can feel it.
You can feel that it doesn't have a goal.
And feel bad with one.
There's nothing wrong with you.
You're a warning.
A multinational is someone with lots of interest and creative activities.
It's a puffs, so I say.
It could help if you divide in three parts: multiple parts, potential and day.
You can also use other terms that contain the same idea, as a scholar and a reported.
During the time of the Renaissance, the ideal was who was fine in multiple disciplines.
Barbara Steven refers to us as "sense."
It uses any term you like or invented yourself.
It seems to me as a kind of adaptation to a community, we can't agree with a single identity.
It's easy to see the multi-consumer as a limitation or a application that you should beat you.
But what I've learned talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are huge strengths to be in this way.
Here are three molecular supermarkets.
One, the synthesis of ideas.
That is, the combination of two or more fields and creating something new in the intersection.
Steve Han and Rachel Bonica expressed their shared interests in cartoonist, data visualization travel, materials, mathematics and design, as I founded Mexico.
Mexico is a company that creates generic inspired girls.
Steve and Rachel came up with this unique idea for its mixture of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in intersections.
That's where new ideas.
And the multiple multiple, with all their attacks, can access a huge amount of these interests of intersection.
The second multinational superpower is fast learning.
When the politicians are interested in something, we go to it.
We see everything we can have in our hands.
We're able to be primary, for having been many times in the past, and this means that we have less afraid of testing new things and coming out of our comfort areas.
Many skills are transferred to other disciplines, and we bring everything we've learned to every new area that we think, so rarely we start from zero.
Natalie Dung is a full-time journey and independent writing.
As a personal girl, they perfect an incredible capacity to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest known memory.
Before I became a writer, Norway was financial planning.
He had to learn the most fine selling mechanics when he started their practices and this ability to help him write compelling launches for editors.
It's rarely a waste of time to do what you attract you, even if you finally abandon it.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you couldn't have anticipated.
The third multinational superpower is adaptation. That is, the ability to transform into anything that needs in a given situation.
Abed Cameron is sometimes director of videos, other websites, sometimes consumers of Kickstarter, sometimes teachers -- and sometimes it looks like James Bono.
It's valuable because it makes a good job.
He's even more valuable because he can take different roles -- depending on the needs of his clients.
The Latin Company magazine defined adaptability as the most important skill for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so rapidly and impossible that they are the individuals and organizations that can be populated to satisfy the needs of the market, which will actually happen.
So ideas of ideas -- rapid learning and adaptation, three skills where the molecules are very happy, and three skills that could be lost if they're prepared to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a big interest in encouraging the molecular to be themselves.
We have complex problems, multiplies right now, and we need creative thinkers.
Let's say they are, in their heart, specialists.
They came out of the belly knowing that they wanted to be a pediatric neurosurgeon.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong with you either.
In fact, some of the best teams are made up of a specialists and a multi-consumer multiple.
The specialists can dive deep and put in practice ideas, and the multinational offers a broad of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that are absorbing with how we are connected.
And, unfortunately, to the fluctuations largely are encouraged to be more like their specialized partners.
And once I said this, if there is one thing that you take out of this talk, I hope it's this: I hope with the inner wiring -- whatever.
If you are a heart specialist, then you specialize all the media.
That's where you will give you the best of it.
But for the molecules in the room, including those who just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes,  I say, reconstructed with their many passions.
They follow their curiosity for those rabbit models.
They explore the intersections.
embracing our inner wiring leads us to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most important, modern, the world needs us.
Thank you.
In 1995, a woman named Australia took her to a prison in Facebook.
And he was able to define and couldn't remember even the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was called Allies.
Allies didn't know how to help Australia, but she would see for her, until unfortunately, he passed in 1996.
After his death, Alice did a car and they found strange and physical plates in the Australia brain, of a guy who had never seen before.
The most amazing thing.
If Australia had been alive today, we couldn't give her the more help that Alice gave him 115 years ago.
Allies was Dr. Alpha Alzheimer's.
And Australia designer, the first patient to receive a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer's.
Since 1900, medicine has advanced a lot.
There have been antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from infection and lots of treatments for cancer, antiretroviral for HIV, structures for cards and much more.
But recently, it's been progress in the treatment of Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's for more than a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million around the world.
But in 2050, they affect 150 million that, by the way, including many of you.
If you wait until the age of 85 or more, the possibility of Alzheimer's contract will be almost one in two.
In other words, there is the chance that they spend their happy years with Alzheimer's or helping a friend or being loved with Alzheimer's disease.
Already in America, Alzheimer's care costs 200,000 dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical assistance spent in Alzheimer's disease.
Today is the most expensive disease -- and its costs set up a five times in the year 2050, as the baby generation gets older.
It may surprise you, but Alzheimer's one of the largest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's been relatively little to fight it.
Today, one of the first 10 causes of death around the world, Alzheimer's is the only one that can't prevent or cure or even slow down their development.
We understand less from Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in the research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research that in Alzheimer's cancer despite the fact that the Alzheimer's and cause an annual number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause, the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what time people know, but everybody should should, Alzheimer's is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 118 years, everyone, even scientists, confused Alzheimer's with aging.
We think it's going to be sensitive in a normal and inevitable.
But you only look at a picture of a healthy aging brain compared to a patient in Alzheimer's patient to see the real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to despite a severe loss of memory and mental skills, damage to the brain caused by the Alzheimer's significantly reduce life expectancy, and it's always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found plates and weird people in the Florida brain a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
We know today that they're made of protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule as a piece of paper that are folding as an origami.
There are places on the paper that are pile.
And when it folds well, these sticky dots end up inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay on the outside.
This makes the protein molecules stop each other, forming groups that can form big plates and people.
That's what we see in the patient's brain with Alzheimer's disease.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works.
There are many steps, and the identification of what happens to block is complex, as a bomb defended.
So cutting a wire could do anything.
To cut the other people can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blocks it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, most of them have reduced the wires and waiting for the best.
But now there is a diverse group of people now, doctors, biologists, genetics, chemicals, physicists, engineers and mathematics.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process. Now you're testing a new kind of drugs that blocked specifically this step to stop the disease.
Let me show you some of our latest results.
Nobody outside our lab has seen it yet.
So let's look at a few videos of what happened when we tested these drugs in worms here.
These are the healthy worms and you can see that they move with normal.
These worms on the other hand, they have protein molecules that are falling between themselves in them, as in Hultand with Alzheimer's.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms on an early stage, then we see they heal and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial result but research like this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 1857 years of wait, there is real hope of what you can achieve in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to create that hope, to sell the Alzheimer's, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We have to realize that Alzheimer's is a disease and that if we try it -- we can sell it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and their families have gone more research and exercise pressure on governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legislations.
That was essential to move into HIV treatment in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to sell cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk for themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims, the caregivers of their loved ones day and night, they're often too delivered to go out and advocate for change.
So, it really depends on you.
Alzheimer's isn't in most cases a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Australia, who cannot create the change they need for themselves.
They help you talk about them, and help demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article in the New York Times County in the New York Times, in January of this year.
To fall in love with somebody, I do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and from my own experience by testing myself one night last night.
So the procedure is pretty simple: two strangers are turning to make 36 more and more personal questions, and then they both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions of example.
Number 12, if you could wake up with a quality or skill, what would it be?"
Number 28, when was the last time you cry another person?
And ...
As it advances, these are increasingly personally.
Number 30, I really like it. Tell your partner what you would thank you from him or she -- I know that I know this time, and I gave things that you would not say to someone you've ever met.
When I stumbled with this study a few years ago, a detail really called me the attention, the joke that two of the participants had married six months and invited all of the lab to the ceremony to the ceremony.
So, it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but of course, I was also intrigued.
And when I had the occasion to test this study, with somebody who knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to fall in.
However, we fell in love with it, and  And I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the column of Moderator Mac a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's already August -- so I guess some of you probably ask, stay together still together.
And the reason I think this is questioning is because they've asked me this question over and over again in the last seven months.
And this is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
A week before the article was published, he was very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had been writing about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog entrance can get a few hundred views like a lot, and those were usually only from my Facebook friends and I imagine that my article in the New York Times will probably get a few thousand views.
And that was a good burden of attention in a relatively new relationship.
But as he said, I had no idea.
The article was published on a Friday evening at night, and it already happened in the traffic of my blog.
And the Sunday had already called me the Toyaz Shake and the American Moral Good.
In a month, the article received more than eight million visit, and I was, to say something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster trust writing with synthesizer on their own loving experiences, but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news -- and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people call or write, what they did every day for weeks, always, they did first the same question: Do they still follow together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search for my email in my email with the phrase, "Are you still still there?
And several messages appeared immediately.
They were students and journalists and journalists like this.
I was interviewed on radio and they asked me.
Even one talk, and a woman scream up to the stage, "Hey Mandela where your girl is?
And I immediately got red.
Understand this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international paper, you should expect people to feel comfortable about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the research of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have made life itself.
In fact, the New York Times published a competitive article for San Valley, including the experiences of readers by testing the study in them with different success.
So my first impulse to all of this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said not every request that we both did a public emergence together.
Record TV interviews, and removed the pictures of pictures of us two.
I think I was afraid to become the invisible icon of the incident process of the entrance process, a range for which I didn't feel at all.
And I understand that people didn't want to know if the study worked, they wanted to know if it really worked, or whether it was capable of producing permanent love, not just an adventure but real love, permanent love.
But this was a question I didn't feel able to answer me.
My relationship was just a few months, and I felt, especially that people ask the wrong question.
How would you know if we're going to keep together or not, and then it all says."
If the answer was not, would the experience of making these 36 interesting questions interesting?
Dr. Arthur Art wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997, and there, the goal of the researcher was not to produce romantic love.
Instead, I was looking for to be able to be able to be able to be able to go through college students, using college students, using what Aristotle called Air personal Airbral, progressive and reconstruction.
Sounds romantic -- right?
But the study does work.
The participants felt closest after doing it. Several all of a sudden studies also used the American rapid friendship protocell as a quick way of creating trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between members of police and community, and they've used it between people of opposite political ideology people.
The original version of history -- which I tried last summer, who combined personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk on a little liberal arts university, and then a student came up to me and told me with time. I tried the study and didn't work.
He seemed to be puzzled by it.
And I said, "Do you mean you love the person who did it?
Well, he made a painting.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I, but they became better friends?
Do you feel that you know better to meet the study?
The air.
So, it works, I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he was looking for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I stumbled with the study for the first time when I was 29, and I was facing a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I had 20, which was pretty much my adult life, and he was my first real love, and I had no idea how or if he could live without him.
So I got in science.
So I spent all that I could find about the science of romantic love, and I expected that that could somehow make the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment I thought I just investigate for the book I wrote, but in hindsight, it seems really obvious.
I thought that if I was laughing with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel so bad, and I used to feel so bad.
And all of this knowledge has been useful in one other way.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more related.
I have more confidence in demanding what I look for.
But I can also see more clearly, and I can realize that what I'm looking for is sometimes more than I can tell me.
What I find out of love is a garden, not only to be loved today and being loved tomorrow, but it will continue to be loved by the person I love.
It may be that this is the guarantee that people ask when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that the media told about 36 questions is that there can be a story to love.
There can be a way to somehow mitigate some of the implicit risk, and this is a very tight story, because in love with us feeling wonderful, but it's also frightening.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story you ask, you still follow together?
And their content with a yes or not.
So more than a question, I would propose that we ask more difficult questions, questions like: How do you decide who deserves your love and who doesn't?
How would you stay in love when things get complicated -- and how do you know when to cut and distance?
How do you live with the uncertainty that inevitably delivers a relationship, or even more, how do you live with your part of your partner?
I don't necessarily know the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good start to have a more reflective conversation about what it means love to love someone.
So if you want the short version of my relationship, this is this -- a year ago, a meeting and I apply a study designed to create romantic love, we fall in, we still go together, and I'm very happy.
But fall in love is not the same thing to stay in love.
So in love is the easy part.
So at the end of my article wrote, love didn't happen.
We were in love with us because we took the choice to be.
And I was a little bit of a reading right now, not because it's not true, but because at the time, I hadn't considered all that choice.
I don't think about how many times we have both to make that decision, and how many times I have to keep doing that choice without knowing before he always chose me or not.
I want it to be enough to have done and answering 36 questions, I'd chosen to love somebody so generous and kindness and fun and I expressed that choice in the largest daily day.
But what I've done instead is to make my relationship in the kind of myth that I don't really think.
And what I look for, and what I may spend my life looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the happy ending in the title of my article -- which is, in purpose. The only part of the article I actually didn't write.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to choose to love someone, and the hope that he also loves me, and it's frightening, but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by a little bit of light lines and I sort of came like a forest general.
--  -- something that really affects me but more detail ahead of it.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a wooden box and I got a dollar ticket bill, a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought some strange human or some aliens found this box about 500 years later, and they learned how our species experienced ideas, for example, how we eat the spaces.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it has grace. Because here I am, 30 years later, I'm still making boxes.
At a time given I was in Hawaii, and I like to go out and do South and all these rare things, and I was doing a colony for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and I caught up all the pages and I made a kind of film celebrity to the Agnes Martin style -- the resident covers and a bee was trapped in.
Well, my mother is afraid of bees and it's allergic to them, so I added more resident on the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened: somehow it seemed to increase in size, as if you look at the text with a magnifying one.
So I did that? I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs -- strange bottles that I was finding on the street, everything I could find, because I was looking for things my whole life, trying to relate and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around the objects, and I realized that God I can draw in space.
I can flow through triangles, draw the same thing that goes around a cover on the scene of the crime.
And I took the objects and I created my own story of specializations invented.
First, potentially, that you can do an idea.
Then I did a few insects and weird creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the residents of resident.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was making some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, to go to Wikipedia.
It was great, man.
At some point I was interested in the human form of the human form of natural size with human beings within the layers.
It was great, except for one thing, it died.
I didn't know what to do, because the answer was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing on the glass layers, similar to drawing in a window, then in another window and another window, and I had all these windows together that made a three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the resident.
So I did this for years, and my current work with something very big, I call "crucial "chop."
For the "stop," I was largely inspired in "The Garden of the Delicious Deltity, which is a painting in the Museum of the Practure in Spain.
Do you know that?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of their time.
Well, the "computer: I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
It's five feet long.
It has double face, so it's 10 meters of composition.
It's a little bit weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left is Jesus and the longests.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of performance, to this infection of male analog where they hide.
This is where creatures with animal heads are headed into the face, ready for suicide suicide supplies in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements.
This is a bird god tied to a headline.
Billy Graham is in the sea, the Horizon personalized platform of the depth -- Walla, the Oscar Bin Laden. There are all kinds of rare things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
Anyway, also a kind of wisdom.
It's coming out of the ocean, and it sends oil in a hand while the other hand is coming out of clouds.
Their hands are like balances, and it seems like a mythological being that keeps the Earth and the cosmos in balance.
So it's a little aspect of the "second."
It's a little bit of a narrative.
That's the hand that I head in.
And then when you go on the other side, it has a tribe, like a peak of bird and spit clouds from this trial.
It also has a $10 colony tail that binds the "second."
Anyway, his tail press fire when they go on a volcano here.
I don't know why.
Things that happen, you know.
His tail ends up in a balloon heart head made of terrorist cards.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were baseball cards of the terrorists.
Very ahead of their time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects, one is called "Communication."
It's about a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings.
Each one is an archive of our culture, through media and material are encouraging, dictionary or magazines, or magazines.
But each act acts as a kind of archive in a form of human being, and travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at a time.
They're like cells, they're together, they divide them.
And you can walk between them. It's taking me years.
Each one is basically a microscope pollution that weighs 1,500 pounds with a human trapped inside.
This has a little cave in the chest.
That's the head, is the chest. You can get the entrance in.
I will take you for the rest of the body, there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it covers the penis or not, or whatever it is, a kind of analogous thing.
It's a quick report of these works because I can't explain it for a long time.
We have layers you can see.
This is a body game in half.
This has two heads -- and it's communicating between the two.
There are a few pills that go out and go into the head of this strange state.
There is a little forest scene inside the atomic cave.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, just like the boxes we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box. It's called Portabold World.
In this box there is a physicist, a neuroscientist, a painter -- a music, a radio, a radio ship, a museum, a school, an editorial arm that spread all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
We send the box and all the people in board with each other as particles.
And I think that's the way we change the world.
When you redefine who is and the box that you're living in.
And together we realize that we are all together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of countries, from borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same matter and in the same box.
And if we don't start to exchange those things with strong and genetics we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do?
They take a guess.
But in order for this pill to have effect against pain, the emissions are going through the stomach, the intestines and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective and industrial system so that any drug is going to grow effect in the body.
The disadvantage yet, though, is that when you bring it any drugs it gets off.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When you take antiretroviral drugs these are to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood, and increase the CEO of cells.
But they're also known by their adverse side effects, mostly negative, because in time they take the blood stream, they decide, and worse even for the time they take in their destination, which is where it is more important, in the HIV warehouse.
These are regions of the body like lymph lymph nodes -- the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is inspired and it doesn't easily come into the blood portrait of patients who are going to be substantially regular with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after the treatment of treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the big problem of HIV treatment with the current drugs that is a treatment of life advanced by the oral office.
One day, I sat down, and I thought, "Can we get the treatment directly to the spider of the virus, without the risk of drugs?
As a scientific expert in lasers -- the answer was in front of me, the leaders, of course.
If you use it in observation, for the care of wounds and direction surgery, you can use it for anything to imagine -- including the artificial transportation of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open or drill extremely small holes that open and close almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
The best thing is, "What is that possible?
We send a small little laser on the cellular membrane infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser goes through the cell, whereas the cell absorbs drug into a matter of microbes.
Before you even notice, the hole is immediately repeated.
We're now testing this technology in vitro or on Petri plates, but the goal is to take this technology into the human body, apply to the human body.
"What is that possible? You can ask.
Well, the answer is, through a device of three heads.
With the first head, which is our laser, we will make an increase in the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, is headed into the infection.
Finally, the third head, an injection that distributes the drug, releases it directly at the site of infection, while the laser is used again to maintain the open cells.
Well, this doesn't seem a lot about moment.
But one day, if it's successful, this technology can lead to the total HIV eradication of the body.
Yeah. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all the R&D researchers in our case, a treatment with laser.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've been studying non-violent armed groups, armed organizations like terrorists, instincts or millennia.
They document what these groups do when they're not shooting up.
My goal is to understand better to these generating agents of violence and study ways to encourage violent participation to nonviolent control.
I do field work, in the world of politics and in the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solving almost every conflict in course, because war has changed.
It used to be a distribution between states.
Not anymore.
It's now a conflict between states and actors.
For example, from the 288 signals of peace between 1970 and 2011, 1966 were signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we have to understand these groups, we should even engage or defeat them in any successful conflict resolution process.
But how do we do that?
We need to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons why they fight, how they do it, but nobody looks at what they do when they didn't fight.
The armed struggle and the policies are not related to them.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less dependent on a global vision.
The armed groups today are complex organizations.
For example, the Lebanon Law, known for its violent control against Israel.
From their creation in the 1980s, Agency has also established a political game, a network of social services and military device.
Similarly, the Palestinian Hallower, known by their suicide attacks against Israel, also run the Gaza Gallery since 2007.
So these groups do more than just shooting.
They're multitationally.
They set up a complex machinery of communication, radio stations, TV channels, Internet websites and strategies in social networks.
And here you have the HIV magazine -- printed in English and published to recruit it.
Armstrail groups also invest in a complex fundraising of favorite funds, but by innovative businesses, for example, construction companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds to recruit better and build their brand.
armed groups also do something else, they create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they run hospitals, they put a professional training program or microbes.
Harvard offers all these services and more.
Armstrail groups are also trying to conquer the population to offer something that the state isn't graduate, security and protection.
The elevator of the Taliban in an Afghanistan destroyed by war or even the beginning of the HIV ascent -- you can also understand the efforts of these groups to provide safety.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an unfortunate price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a cow, a gap left by the government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the election victory of 2006 of Palestinians cannot understand without recognizing the social work of the group.
It's a really complex scenario, even in the West, when we look at the armed groups, we only think about the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the long-term vision.
These groups are helicopter.
They grow up because they fill gaps left by the government, and they emerge as armed and political groups, participating in violent struggle and generally.
And the more complex and sophisticated these organizations are, less we can catalog it as something against a state.
How do you call a group like Hebrew."
They dominate part of a territory, they manage all their functions -- they collect the trash, they manage the sewer system.
Is it a state? Is it a rebel group?
Or maybe it's another thing, something new and different.
And what is HIV?
The lines are descended.
We live in a world of states, with no state and hybrid nations, and the more weak the states are, like in the Middle East, the more inside the Middle East, and they fill that gap out the non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments, because to counteract these groups will have to invest more in no military tools.
filling that governance vacuum has to be at the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important to establish and consume peace.
If we understand better to armed groups, we understand better incentives to offer the transition of violence to violence.
In this new distribution between states and non-state actors, military power can win some battles, but we won't give peace or stability.
In order to achieve these goals we need long-term investments to fill that security vacuum to fill that gap of government that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman as a woman.
My opinions about gender equality are vestigations, but I fear that they will open up the label of "The "The "The "sense to be unfair.
I'm a feminist, but pretty bad.
And therefore I was absolutely artistic as a bad woman.
Or, at least, I wrote an article and a book called "The bad Wem, and then in the interviews, people started calling it the Medical Media.
So what started as a personal joke meant myself and a deliberate proportion, has become something larger.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was a young man, especially in my youth and at the age of 20 years, I had strange ideas about the feminist women, these furry women, angry with men and they hated sex.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, seems a perfectly reasonable answer.
But at that time, I was worried about the tone that I was using the people at the time that I could be female.
It's going to be tagged as a feminist was an accelerator, a taboo and a nasty.
They label me as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, which is too much, with high self-esteem and dare to believe that it's equal or superior to a man.
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman, until you realize that it's actually that woman, and you can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I was growing, I began to accept that I am, in fact, feminist and also, proud to be.
For me, certain claims are immediately, women are equal to men.
We deserve the same floor for the same job.
We have right to travel around the world as we want, free or violence.
We have right to use an easy way and accessible the contraceptives and reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, no need for legislative control or evangelical documents.
We have the right to respect.
There is more.
When you talk about women's needs -- you need to have our other identities in account.
We're not just women.
We're people with a different body, expression of gender, religion and sexuality condition, social condition, skills and much more.
We need to have these differences and how they affect us, the same way that matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of evidence, our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are evidence, but to be clear, I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There are a lot of things that make me a bad woman.
I have another conference.
When I drive to work, I listen to rap music to keep every volume.
Although the letter degraded women and dependent on, the classic Sheet Shakespeare, from the Big Bang Thomas is incredible.
He was reality with your strand sheet.
Sorry, do it move until you hurt the contact?
Think about it.
Pure, right?
I'm completely motivated by my musical taste.
I firmly believe in the work of man, which is all I don't want to do, including --  -- all domestic tasks, but also kill insects, the card collected and the care of the bread and the nest machine care.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
They enjoy fashion magazines and beautiful things.
I can see "The Bacon, and the Romantic committees, and I have absolute fantasies of the stories of hands that are actually true.
Some of my definitions are more disappointed.
If a woman wants to adopt his husband, it's his choice, and I'm not who to judge it.
If a woman decides to stay home to raise their children, I accept that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this choice, the problem is that our society is in a way that makes women economically vulnerable when they choose to.
We solved this problem.
It involves the conventional feminist who has ignored or destroying the needs of color women, workers and gay and transgendered -- in favor of white women, hell, middle-class and high.
Listen to you, if that's good feminist I'm a very bad female.
It also happens next -- as a feminist, I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency of putting few women in a pedestrian.
We hope that it would break up to perfection.
When we disappeared them, we rebuild them with a lot of taste from the same request where we put them.
As I said, I am a disaster, I already consider that poetry before I try to put it there.
Too many women, particularly innovators and the leaders of the sector, are afraid to be labeled as a female.
They are afraid to stand up and say, "Yes, I'm a feminist as a fear of what that sticker means for fear to not be able to fulfill with little realistic expectations.
Take for example, Beijing, or as I call it, the God.
In the last few years, it's a decoded female.
In the Virgin Museum Allies in 2014, in MIT, I act in front of the word "The three feet tall.
It was a magnificent show, to see this star of the poet to open up the feminist and make women know and young men who will be feminist is something to be proud of.
The time passed, cultural critics started endless debates if Beverly was or not quite a female.
They calculated their feminism instead of simply believing the word of an adult and mature woman.
We demand perception of the feminist -- because we're still fighting for a lot, we want a lot, we need so much we need so much consistently.
We go far beyond the sensible and constructive criticism to design the feminist of any woman, to destroy it until nothing left.
We don't need to do that.
The bad feminist or rather, one more female female is the point of party.
But what happens next?
We go from recognizing our improvements to realize account, going to action and being a little bit more courageous a bit.
If I listen to methodology music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy providing an unlimited supply.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs until we exchange change effectively affecting their profits.
No doubt is hard.
Why does its music that will be so penguin?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when bad decisions will justify this makes it harder for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think about my niece, three and four years.
These are two wonderful girls, decisions and brilliant, and also very brave. I want you to grow in a world.
Where they look at the strong creatures they are.
I think about them, all of a sudden, the best option is visible as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program is treating sexual violence against women as a sport -- it looks like the Google game.
We can change radio emissions when we hear songs that treat women as anything.
We can spend our money to go to film on the other part when movies don't treat women more than a decorative object.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their classmates as a bomb sales.
In any case, men, especially white men, heterosexual men can say, "No, I'm not going to publish your magazine, engaging in your project, or working with you, until it doesn't include an enough number of women, so much to engage as to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your publication or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people.
Those of us who are surviving being survived, but invite us to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also refused to be included until more like we are welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision-making units.
Because we are not second periods. Without these efforts, without taking these positions.
We can make these little acts of courage and expect our decisions to get to the top, to people in the direct power and the producers of movie and music producers and CO2, the legislators -- people who can make big decisions, more courageous, to create durable and meaningful change.
We can also claim with our feminist and good, bad, or any negative.
The last line of my book "Mars Feminist," says, "Could you be a bad feminist not at all."
This is true because of many reasons, but I say -- especially because I got my voice stolen and the feminism helped me to reconstruct.
There was an incident.
I call it in front of what happened.
A few kids told me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
They treated me as if it was anything.
I started to believe that it was nothing.
I stole my voice, and after all I didn't dare to believe I could say something that could matter.
But I was writing.
And I went back to writing.
I remember in a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and the women who looked like me and understood what meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through writing and female, I also found that if it was a little courageous -- another woman could hear and see that none of us is the nothing that the world tries to say we are.
In a hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I hold the humility reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad woman, I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my way of thinking, what I say and what I do, without leaving everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope that we can all be a little bit brave, when you need such a value.
Right after Christmas last year, 13 children in California had sales for Democrator to be exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then caught the border with Canada, infected over 100 children in Queen.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with a defense immune system, is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There's an effective vaccine against this from more than half a century ago, but many of the children involved in the Democratic outbreak had not been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something even worse, autism.
But a moment, it wasn't the article that was unleashed about autism and developed vaccines, displaced and marked by being a fallen fragment by the British Media Jone?
Do you don't believe most intelligent scientists that the theory that vaccines cause autism is a strategic?
I think most of you know it, but millions of parents around the world are still afraid that vaccines put in danger to their children of autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the estimates of autism in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrician who had heard about her created their entire professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, prevalence estimates kept just about three or four children for every 10,000 children.
But then, in the 1990s, the numbers started to shoot up.
Fundamental organizations like Aurilia Sydney are being reconciled to autism as an epidemic, as if he could marry another child in Democrator.
What's going on?
If you're not the vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people from the control center of Atlanta, what's going on, they tend to balance in phrases like "self-deceptions diagnosis and "The better case detection to explain these growing figures.
But that kind of language doesn't get a lot of the fears of a young mother who seeks in the face of his two-year-old son -- visual contact.
If the diagnostic criteria had to expand, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the U.N.
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less to do with the slow and called contact of science that with the seductive power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how they discovered, but that story turned out to be fake, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of clinical literature.
This second story tells us all about how we get here, and we need to go.
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist Leonard Kan, from the Johns Hopkins Hospital in 1948, Kanzi published an article that described 11 young patients who seemed to inhabit private worlds -- no people around them, even their own parents.
They could fun for hours by turning their hands into their faces, but they were prey of the panic per member as when they didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them.
On the basis of patients treated in their clinic, Kanzi speculated that autism is very rare.
By the time of 1950, as a major authority of the world in the subject, I declared that I had seen less than 150 cases of his syndrome, while collecting reference to places as far as South Africa.
This is actually not a stranger, because the criteria of Kanzi for autism diagnosis were very restaurant.
For example, driving it, giving that diagnosis to children with conversations, but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism.
One time he was glad that he had become nine from every 10 children sent up by other doctors to their competition for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kanzi was a smart man, but part of his theories were not certainly.
They classify autism as a form of childhood psychologists caused by cold parents and descended.
These kids, he said, have been kept carefully in a refrigerator.
At the same time, Kanzi noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that they would bring in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphony before they get the two years.
When his mother put one of his favorite records -- he said, "Good."
But Kanzi had a bad opinion of these skills -- they took things like children were simply regurgitating what they had heard their parents, desperate to win their approval parents.
As a result, autism became source of shame for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good, becoming invisible to the world in general.
Amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s, that researchers began to test the theory of Kanzi that autism was weird.
Long Window, cognitive psychologist in London, thought that the theory of the Japanese women from Kanzi was pretty stupid.
She and her husband John were warm and affected people, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Susan.
Louis and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Susan without support services, no special education, and no access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National National Service, they needed more resources for autistic kids and their families, Los Los Los Couch and his colleague, Judith Gould decided to do something that should be 30 years before.
They did a study of autism prevalence in the general population.
They pasted a suburb of London called Cambridge to try to find the autistic children in the community.
What they saw left clear that the Kanzi model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse.
Some children could not speak at all, while others were trained in their fascination for astrophysics, in dinosaurs or in the genetics of the reality.
In other ways, these kids didn't fit in the nice, bunches as Judades, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the monkey model of Kanzi would have predicted.
At first, they were lost to try to make sense of their data.
How did no one have been described from these children before?
But then I found a reference to an article published in German in 1945, the next year in January of Kanzi -- and then you forgot it, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Kanzi knew about this article of competition, but he avoided the trial to mention her own work.
There was no even a translation to English, but luckily, Lad's husband spoke German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative story of autism.
His author was a man named Hans America, who ran a clinic integrated with an inner school in the 1980s in the 1930s.
The ideas of Asperger's for teaching children with learning differences were even progress for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with the kinds of exercise with music, and children followed their games by the afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents of autism to cause autism, they aspire to describe it as a political disability of life that required compassionate forms of support and targeted spaces during the course of all life.
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients -- Asian called them their little teachers, and he refused to help in the development of education methods that were especially suitable for them.
fundamentally, Asia saw autism as a diverse continuum that would take a surprising variety of rabbits and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common and they've always been, watching aspects of this continuity in known extinct in the pop culture like the awkward social scientist and distribution destroyed.
He was beyond even to say, that for success in science and art, a pencil of autism is essential.
Louis and Juditock found that Kanzi was wrong when autism was infinitely, so that parents were the causes.
In the next few years, they worked in silence with the American Association of psychiatry to expand the criteria criteria that would reflect the diversity of what they called authority "sense?
By the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes come into vital, replace the limited model of Kanzi by a broad and even American model.
These changes don't drive a broken break.
Cost, when Louis and Jupiter worked between barriers to reform these criteria, people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before it came out, "The Man in 1988, just a little circle, commissioned by experts knew what autism was, but after the incident introduction of Department Hospital like Rays Bank and "The Man Record, with four awards from Alzheimer's Academy, populations, scientists, teachers and parents around the world knew what autism was.
At the same time, the first easy clinical trials were introduced to use autism.
I should not have a connection with that little circle of experts to achieve a diagnosis for his son.
The combination of "Republic Man: The changes in the criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network effect, a perfect storm of the consciousness of autism.
The number of diagnostics started to get up, as they predicted Los Louis and Juditock, in fact they hoped that it was going out, getting people with autism and their families finally got the support and the services they deserve.
So Andrew Wallar came to blame vaccines for the distance in diagnosis, a simple, powerful story and serious story as bad as Kanzi theory that the autism was influential.
If the current estimate of the preventing center that one out of 60 children in the United States are in the spectrum, it's right, the autistic is one of the largest minority groups in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have joined on the Internet to refuse the idea that they are the puzzles to solve by the new medical advances -- it turns out the term "We are "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The way to celebrate the variables of human cognition.
One way to understand neuroscience is to think in terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows doesn't mean it's broken.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily digital, and it suffers from a deficit deficit to detail.
Autism people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching America, which believed that the "second for most influential aspects of autism are in the understanding of teachers, employers with capacity, support communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman named Zachuan Zahoir once said, "We have all the hands in cover to get the boat of humanity.
As we sail to an uncertain future, we need all forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges we face as a society.
We can't afford to wake up with a brain.
Thank you.
